###PAGE###1###
O
No. 16, 33i:d Year
S HAW VILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE., THURSDAY, OCT
*1.00 A YEAIt IN ADVANCE
1015
t
K
1

RT
The Bank of Ottawa
Tl]e Merchants Banl^ of Canada
THE HARDWARE STORE
(
ESTABLISHED 1874
Head Office : - Ottawa, Canada.
Capital Paid Up •
Rest and Undivided Profits Total Assets over •
Established 1864
OFFICERS :
A* II. Montagu Allan .. K. W. Blai kwkll .......E. F. ÜEBDEN
Tl]e Sporting Season is now in
$ 4,000,000 4,978,200 60,000,000
PRESIDENT .. . VICE-PRESIDENT GEN. MANAGER
Paid up Capital.....................
Reserve Fund and Undivided Profits Total Assets........................
239 Branches and Agencies in Canada-
A SAVINGS BANK ACCOUNT
Of One Dollar and upwards draw4 Interest at bee»t current rate
Branches at Shawville and Quyon
Acting Manager, Shawville Acting Manager, Quyon.
*7,000,000
7,-J45,140
86.190,400
Board ol Directors «
So is our Stock of
Rifles,
and Ammunition.
Anything1 Special, not carried in Stock, procured promptly.
Let us have your orders please.
JOHN B. FRASER
HON. GEORGE BRYSON,
President
Vice-President
Guns
DAVID MACLARBN,
DENIS MURPHY,
HON. SIR GEORGE H. PERLEY, E C. WHITNEY.
SIR HENRY N. BATE, RUSSELL BLACKBURN SIR HENRY K. EGAN,
S
?

!
GEORGE BURN, General Manager
D. M. FINNIE, Asst General Manager W. DUTIIlB, Chief Inspector.	_ -

W. F. DRUM A. A. REID
Fort Coulonge Branch • B F. CHILTON, Manager. Campbells Bay Branch • R. LEGER. Manager. Portage du Fort Branch • A. H. MULHERN, Manager
HENRY’S
uBusiness as Usual”
has qade % attendance at the Z1G0WLINC S?T /)/)
A Sale that is a real sale, ami then
Opportunity kn< • k- but \ r.—
It is knocking now, »o don’t fail t< ; at Dow . Oct. 8th to 16th • answer and attend Dover’s Kale, Oct ~ 8th to 16th.
rr

J. H. SHAW.
All amounts due this office for
Make your kodak story autographic. I inents ahoiild he' paid nt once. XVe
and title every negative at time of j1 ee< *JM‘	s^ir?s I?..0111' •>,,s|e
exp*j#*re.	Autographic kodaks from r/,*,'? î., !! , i t mt l'jf u,t l<)llt ,,,,v
17.00 11,..	del ¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦
_	. . I Mr. Austin McDowell is the
His Lordship Bishop farthing latest victim of the Ford fever in wtll hold a confirmation service at this section. Austin just caught St. Paul s Church on Monday even- the infection in time to be in line mg next—Oct. II.	|for the Beachburg Fair.
Monday next being Th inks-1 Next Thursday afternoon and giving Day, the stores in Shaw- evening a harvest home gathering ville will be closed. Keep in mind will be held at Vann Methodist I h. G. W. Braithwait this information and do your Church. Rev, J. A McNeil, of |	prjn
shopping on Saturday..	jCubden, a former pastor, will
preach at the afternoon service.
1
Ottawa. Ont.
Date
Since January. 1918, more than 23." students h ive come to us from other local business colleges.
Our Civil Service record of FIRST. SECOND, and FOURTH places for all Canada has never been equaled.
I)o not these facts indicate undoubted superority f
Our instruction being individual, you may begin at any time.
P. S.—Send in your Old Razors for the Boys at the front.
OTTAWA,ONT
ay
the best In the history. Why not take advantage of the dull times and prepare for the wave of prosperity that Is hound to sweep over the Great Country when the war is over ?
m
#
Write for Free Catalogue
D. E. HENRY, President. Cor. Hank and Sparks Sts
\V. E. Gowmno
Pi In,
W. A. HODGINS
Good progrès# is now beingmadel
liy Me—i -. Howard^* EIMott, ini ni^oyetMlne S latherft Be^hburg 1 Rai^urt* that you will not get again
this village. The contractors were the Beachburg event, and a few held ill) for several weeks by the were at ( ulxlen and Chapeau also.
non-delivery of a quantity of Saturday was Teauhers’ Conven-	Personal
artificial stone, of which the fnmt tj,m ,iay at the Academy, and	„ ~
ot the ini,losing structure is chieny quite a number of teachers from The Rev. Mr. Seaman went to constructed. This, however, nr- the district schools were present, Montreal on Monday, rived some day* ago, and has despite the disagreeable nature of Mr. and Mrs. George Osin of mostly been placed ini position, the weather. Elementary School Ogdensburg, X Y , are visiting The design of the building is <>n Ins,>ector Honey man was present. Mr. Win Brown ami other friends lines so entirely different from any	,n this vicinity,
other structure in existence here. I Miss L. Carmichael, of Portage	_e '
that it is bound to be an object of du Fort, who taught in the Aca-U Hr. and Mrs. Hurd man, of Bry xorirp -JAf.	-cfw,
^	. the Teachers1 Convention on Sat- ?l7*omimined by Mrs. R. McC. 37 Turner St., Ottawa. Ont.
Our Band, although it is not | nrday, and took occasion to visit I Ritchie._I
‘-niipowd to be in veiy vigorous «ome	arqtiain
condition just now, fulfilled an | tances, engagement, nevertheless, to fm
nish music at the Fitzroy Agi. I The Elmeide Homemaker*' Club Society Show, held at Mohrs Cor-1 will meet at the home of Mrs. Win
new on Wednesday last. The]Graham, Elmside, Wednesday,.	J L I	.... ,	, r, ...
boys journeyed from here to the Oct., 18th at 2 o'clock p. m. SWo- Mr. L. J. XV est brook, asst demon- FOR ^ALBr-i Clyde Gelding 2 yeg
Ontario hamlet named in three	jects :	Home nursing-Mrs. Jas I ^rator at the Shawville branch- of I ^ ^	ter ml TosLu nUr
autos, crossing the noble Ottawa	Grant ; Demount! a tion on Bed- Macdonald College, left on Friday Lhaser.	Can	be	seen at Lot 19, Range :>
at Quyon village. The last of the	making—Miss E. Meldrum ; Roll to visit his home in Morganvilie, | Apply to R. J. Glenn, Shawville. Que
three cars to cit>ss on the scow,	call ; Remedies.	N. Y. He will be absent about a
(with Cy at the helm) was the first	. ....	.	.	. . I month.
to reach the objective point, the The knitting and sewing circle 1	^is. Ernest Parr, left for hei
others somehow losing their bear-	ot tJie Homemakers ( hib Wl111 home in Edmonton this week,
in#fb a short distance from the	IVe® ^ at the home of Mrs. I). A. Hfter a!1 extended visit to her
Harbor, and anon blowing into Biker. Thursday evening of this Kinburn, which they mistook to % cek at seven oclock. All ladies
be (ialetta, until they read the interested in soldiers Comforts are	...
sign over the hotel door. When the H eh»orae.	I A5”le ®n(^ A
To?' "tT
SÜEifLïlfti 2ISSS3SH
ainval. A good program ^ where the croak of the bull frog Ponied by Dr. I). A. h orest, manufacture Pipes in their own localities, given during the afternoon, and mingleth with the dismal note of dentist, also of Montreal, who is in h. T. McDowell & Son. Shawville. Que.
îi!e*iï?y8 ireAltu ho,”,e ,feel*n*f the owl, and the cowbell tinkleth quest of a desirable mint to locate, that they had been well treated I	| and may decide on Shawville
and also with the assurance that
they had given satisfaction.	I A School Fair, under the auspices
MU
object of railway corporation* is Seasonable Imaginary Incident ' funeral took place on Sunday, to make money. and if the inter-	- Sept. 28, the remains being concerts of the public should, iinfortun-	First Farmer»-'*Hello, Sam ; you | veyed to Ottawa for interment,
ately, mt* counter to that aim, seem to be in a hurry. What’s they a re aacrtgeed without scruple, a there
111 business	n—
W ILLIS COLLEC F
W * CIVIL SERVICE ¦
The School of Efficiency for tlio*e who demand the best Catalogue on request.
N. I. HARRISON, Principal.
Cor. Bank and Albert Sts.
OTTAWA, ONT.
sav
SHAWVILLE
money
Men’s
Underwear
Mr. Frank Scully, of Lc-lie. has L0ST-0d exhibition groan,I,. Thurs been paying a vital to his (laugh- dsy. Sept, lflth, a parasol with »<iu»re ters 111 this section,—Mr** H. A. shaped nickle finished head. Kindly re Dale, Mrs. W. H. Corrigan and turn to The Equity Office.
Mrs. Win Sheppard of Bi istol. -----------------------------
y.)
We have been fortunate in securing a limited stock of Men’s Wool Underwear at last year’s prices.
FOR SALE—A Two-Speed Hig Twin 44 Indian ' Motor Cycle, and Side Car, In first-class running order. An excellent H machine for speed. Owner
cuts, Mr. and Mrs. J. A. McGuire, I obtaining a car. Apply to Mr. R. E and other relatives in the east. I shL^viHe^R^K xo^6”’ °r *'* °*a4,,ress
pai
$2.00 per Suit.
FOR SALE—Single buggy—practically ,	,	_	.	,	, _	. Rubber t1 Mm. electric lights ; a
motored here Sunday and were first-c 1am stylish rig : cost	will
guests of Mr. and Mrs. R. J. Black, take Silo.
Apply to J. H. Shaw
new
Also set single harness
We advise our friends to secure their requirements soon as values of this kind will not be had again.
If you want a picture of the Academy and pupils secure one now while the price is low. An 8x10 picture for 50c
H. Imison.
We have a large supply of old reliable Fleece Lined Garments. $1.00 Suits.
Are you going Î Well I guess. Where Î To Dover’s Sale, Oct. 8th to
16th
An example of the democracy* of military service was shown a few days ago, when two recruits arrived at the Craig street headquarters
571 ii
an expert shanty cook. The other, Marleau, was a bank clerk, and both came from Ft. Cou longe,
Pttotlac County. M a j
marked that they did not need any accountants at the front just now. “Well, take me on as assistant cook/’ replied the Iwnk clerk. He was taken on, and is now on duty at Valcartier, splitting wood and doing chores for the shanty-man, who is a first-class cook. After filling up the ranks of the
ii hhihmhhI
strong, and 400 more men are need ed to complete its ranks—Mon treal Gazette.
Births
Boys’ Fleece Goods in all sizes
25 to 45c. a garment.
At Port Arthur, on Sept., 28th, to Mr. and Mrs. Tlios L. Brownlee, a son.
One. Gervais, was
Deaths
or Scott re-
News was received last week by Mr. Emerson Spinks, of Litchfield, of the death of hi* father, Mr Alex Spinks, in the Northwest.
Splendid range of Sweaters, Men’s and Boys’, up to $5.00. See our lines and values.
is now about 8uo
Many will learn with regret of Just I the death of Mr. William Lothian, the way to Thh EovITY office, which occurred at Ottawa on Mon people are intitled to more	to pay a counle of dollars I owe, day morning after a long illness
____id era t ion. in many instances	there before 1 forget it again.’ from heart disease with other
the people's money has been the F. F.—“Glad you mentioned it. | complications. For year* the late prime factor In creating Canadian I'm ashamed to -ay I owe three or Mr. Lothian was the efficient and railways, and it looks reasonable four dollars there, too, whiaji trusted clerk of U. O. D. Associa -that their needs should be consult- should have been paid, so I guess tion, having his uffive and home at e<j In the management and opera-	I'll go along with you and square Bryson," relinquishing the post	Aviator	>\. 8. Luckey	who	wa«
tion	of those enterprises, and when	up	only when inqmired health reqiiir-	to	have made an aeroplane	ascent
a community receive* a set back 8. F.—"That's right. Between ed him .to cease work. A widow st Renfrew Imr is paralyzed in from restricted service, It seems you and me, that Equity chap and three children survive. The ls>l h leg* as the re-nit of injuries reasonable that the Railway Com- must have a hard time of It trying remains were conveyed to Norway which he received at Sturgeon mission, If they have not the to get what is due him, from so Bsy, via Sand Point, on Wed ne*. Kills. Broken bone* were renmv power to reetify the eyii should be many people.’	day. when Interment took place in ed from Ids back and a dot of
Invested with it at once.	F. F,—' 8ure thing !	1 the Presbyterian cemetei y. .	| blood from hi# apt ne.
no re- Second Farmer—“Oh, I am even ta, on
HUH I* apparently course. In Canada, at all the con*
an
A new issue of waterproof and serviceable boots* two ;**irs to each soldier, i* being sent out to all the overseas forces and warm winter clothing is being provided for all the Canadian troops.
W. A. HODGINS


###PAGE###2###
»
_____
jfUthat the three essentials of a good in quietness.	-Well, brethren,” said Smith, you many ruined parts of Flanders i#
preacher were that he should i tand	In Disagreemvn	have only to lay your heads togvthvi ^ number of wild cats and dogs run-
esHhI WMÊË^S	S?
spoon salt. Add one-half cup currant	prevent it soaking into the* difficulty in standing up, hut ni y him. It was too late to return, *	. #a vicars used to do in the bad o preg8ed down, lips curled back to show
jelly and one teaspoon lemon juice.	#	. wm QVl\My harden and can preachers, particularly at first, find go for thc firBt and only time m b * |d which he helped to displace. His the inning teeth, yellow, malignant
Toasted t orn.—After boiling new	'	knife	that speaking up requires a consider- I life> hp preached extempore, taking	ies called him “an old dcvdl , eyes, staring intently; It was not e
minutes to insure partial '’Vô	prevent	the juice	running out of	aid. amount not only	of assurance	f„rhis text the words, “The fool hath	„Pou you know Berridge"	asked	a	p^t(y llght
cooking, remove to bread toaster and	1	,	w	<)f clean paper,	but of knowledge of the subject, as	gaid in hig heart there is no (,°a*	stranger of thc man himself.	You would never have believed that
toast over hot coals or in broiler of '	upright and insert it through for shutting up- well, that is a sheer Anxioug to know how he succeeded, he	„Ye# „	a ycar before that beast had been a
pas oven until evenly browned. The	The steam then escapes, I impossibility to that rather large du.. R8iw<j one of the congregation on com-	„They io\\ m0 he is a troublesome, domcgtic pet Cat, with a blue ribbon
ehbbef
cup butter with half » cup of sugar,- ^ juice- aftcr it js filled into the exuberance of their own verbosity. But I can't say that I agree with you. ^ hag nevpr been told, add two cups grated pineapple which	Thrn cover wjth tiny pieces of One of the classical stories con- i believe there is a God.	They walked on to the ehurcJi, % was the sound of a shod footfall
has been heated to the boiling point .	'	,	,, su„lir „nd nutmeg or cerning the long-winded type is that of witty sayings attributed to gen- wht-r(, Ht,rridge preached. When the that ha<1 frozen it, and the next in-
Then add two beaten egg yolks mix-	’’	0f the preacher who was holding forth tlemen of the cloth the list is endless. Rtnmger paw him ascend the pulpit gtant Bent it sliding behind a wall,
ed with half a cup of rich milk and j	„	white	gpotg on	furniture hold	at interminable length	on the major	Possibly some of them are to° g0°?	he was stupifled.	whence it—or he, rather—glared from
one tablespoonful lemon juive and the	,	stove	bd over	the spots and	and minor prophets.	“And now,	to be true, and others too bad. A	Qnre whvn pointing out to	a priest	between a smother of weeds at the
grated peel of a lemon. Fill pie, bake,	g^a	disappear. They can	brethren,” lie said, after an hour and	High Church	clergyman, writing to	gt Evorton the pictures on the wall	no	man, who stumbled and cursed hie
and cover with a meringue made of} al<$0 be removed by applying spirits of	a half or so. “We come to Habakkuk.	the famous	Dr. James r reeman I	ran through them thus:—“That	is	cour8e along, dripping blood by the
the whites of the eggs.	. 1 camphor or ammonia.	, What place shall we give to Habak- Clarke, dated his letter 4 Candlemas Cfdvin> that is Luther, ard that, ( way.
Vegetable Jardiniere.—For this dish Always scrub the way of the grain kuk?”	_ „ Day,” whereupon Dr. Clarke, with a pointjng to a frnme over the fireplace, A dog, as wild as the cat, shot,
use cauliflower, green string beans ^	*wood#	Have plenty of clean	“Habakkuk can have my place,	rare sense of	fitness of things, date	„.g tbe devil.” The guest looked, and	8aa^mg, from some foul thing it had
and carrots. Cook vegetables sepa-, warm	water.	Only scrub so far as	called out a man at the back, as he	bis reply “Washing Day."	saw his own face in thc mirror.	been at business with across the road,
rately, seasoning each with butter, (he grm can* reach at a time, then rose and left the church.	Dr. South was a witty divine of the	Following Suit.	and the cat streaked to the wall. But
pepper and salt. Arrange on serving wnsh nnd dry that part. Change the We have mentioned the self-assur- time of Charles II. A young cuthJ	. Nonconformist preacher it was
dish, with cauliflower in centre, car- water ns soon as it is dirty. Do not ; ance which is necessary to the man once complained to him that he na A *	had certain pccu- him with almost a roar
rot tubes at each end and beans at ^ ^^^e water than is necessary to who wants to speak up. Lack of that received only 1*5 for preaching¦» »er- of	‘ appearance. His hair starving, that dog.
either side of cauliflower. I ass plat-, dejm the hoards. When scrubbed quality, it has been alleged, was the mon at Oxford. 'Fivc pounds ex-1 bar	he WOre blue glasses, and It was a matter of ten yards for the
ter, allowing each person to help him- dean rub the boards well with a secret of the ill-success of the local claimed the doctor, why,	T '	« ounled with his white cat, of many more for the dog, but she
self to vegetables desired.	' clean flannel wrung out of clean wn- preacher who tried to begin a sermon have preached that sermon tor £o0. these	.	his fairly ate up the distance. When the
Duck Stuffed With Potato.—Choose t and then drv with a dry cloth, 0n Zaccheus, who, it will be remem- It ia not said whether the curate ap- tie, hd the > K i ^ uRed> cat jumped he could feel the breath young, fat duck, with webbing of feet rubbing the way uf the grain. After bered, climbed a tree to see Jesus predated the keen satire.	cmn i\	„ * Q Sundayt when from the slavering mouth on his back.
A Shrewd Reproof.	i, *	> ' rhing at Bradford, he Followed a wild and furious scraping. as c me Ken. ror pouuu »vu».u.F, and hang up to dry# 80 as to harden j to collect ms scaiivrvu	The people of a certain parish were ]1C XU1S	. h b and saw that ing, a little cloud of dust, and down
have ready two cups hot mashed po- the fibres.	out of his confusion came an epi- not jC8S shrewdly reproved by the j looked roun	people were came that cat again, right on to the
tato, one-half cup salt pork cubes, two	__>-- gram. “ZaccheUs,” he said, ‘ was lit- clergyman who, at the close of the a good m y	remarked, foe. For once he had missed his
s£| t,pstobacheloks.	s»	A, ^,herc ~ ~	*
•“r" w." r™.—«i.» A,*.s„ tj„v“S rz nbv.r-u:1	a,
Apple Soup.—Wash, quarter and	Hundred Students. ,	what I shall do myself.” The preach- loners crowded round him, reproach- and wit, as xu •	; wben great rubber ball, all hair sticking out,
¦ ¦¦¦¦of six tart apples, but j Six hundred bachelors, some young 0r suited the deed to the words forth- ing him for having kept his interne preaching. " company with one of and even as the dog’s jaws shut— do not peel. Put into saucepan with am, some prctty old, spent their with.	.	I departure a secret till the last min- about to dine _ _ P . ^ Mvthodllt_ Bnap!—on the place where he should
two quarts water, one teaspoon salt luncheon hour the other day receiving Pulpit and pew have a humor all, ute, begging him not go, and ashing ^ Pjca .,	both his have been, he landed upon the dog’,
nnd one-half cup rice. Cook until ..fatherly" advice from Prof. Winfield their own. and often enough it -s «t him what they should do when he had Lesley eaus ,rally	hos| back.
aBBWPl
ebeefeb	bbebhs ;
two tablespoonfuk of granulated su- tanccship lined up before you. Out of particularly heavy Bible. I rom the profligate Court he soon perceived ity for self-denial nm . gar. Make a hole in the	meal mix-	thc oggible six to twenty girls you	outset they interrupted frequently,	that his reluctant congregation was	Wesley’s Brotherly Love,
lure and gradually pour	the liquid	Qre to choose a	wife. Which one will	despite their quondam boxer’s earnest	asicep. He stopped short in his har-	Qn unother occasion he was at one
Into this, beating steadily.	Beat hard	vou choose?	appeals for better treatment. At last	angue, and, changing his tone, he	^ tbc early conferences, when a
for about five minutes,	pour into	* .-Four things	must be considered—	the old Adam rose in the preacher,	called out to Lord Lauderdale three	preachor rose up and, with irrçpresi-
ïrreased and heated muffin rings and	hcr health, her hereditary	qualities,	and he issued	not an	appeal, >u	a	times. His lordship stood up.	ble emotion, began to relate	his	reli-
Dake in a good oven.	her education, and her age.	Exclude	warning. “If	the men	just below	the	“My lord,” said South	with mimi-	gioug experience.
Bread Sauce.—Put crumbs from a	from thc ranks the girl	of poor	pulpit did not	behave	themselves	he	table dignity, “I am sorry	to interrupt	Wesley’s brother, Charles, could not
stale loaf into a saucepan containing	health. It’s a calamity for	a man to	would have to	make them do so,	he	your repose, but I must	beg of you	tolerate this, and cried out
one pint of water. Tie in a cloth a m such a girl. Some of you may said. The interruption proceeded. that you will not snore quite so loudly few peppercorns and one small onion gay the gjri might get well. Let her Then something happened. It the lest you awake His Majesty, md a blade of mace. Boil a few mo- \ better before you marry her. brethren will not hear the ri or , sai	Sidney Smith,
ments and then remove them. The „Let her go into the woods for a the preacher, “they shall feel it. Ana inuce must be very smooth. Add n year or g0 and develop the ability to piece of butter and a little salt. Add *vabc fifteen or twenty miles and re-before taking from the fire a spoon- turn without fatigue and with Dame ful of milk; this will give it a nice Nature's priceless rouge upon her The sauce must not be too thick. Serve in a sauce boat.
Baked Omelet.—Heat A tablespoon-
Rejoined !
About the Household
son
Selected Dishes
corn six
Enemies of Old.

too late. The dog launched at
She was
cuun, on anconeus, wnu, iw n... — -
^x.%...c ...»	.... - -	ruuuuiK me wny vi i»»c »»*»•»*• After bvred, climbed a tut	_
soft. Dress, stuff and truss for roast- ^rubbing wash the brush immediately pass. Vain was the preacher s ettorts chicken. For potato stuffing, and b;mg up to dry, so as to harden to collect his scattered thoughts, trat
the fibres
onion in
remove cores
Seeking Human Aid
His ride on that strange steed was brief and grisly, because the dog rolled, foaming with fury, and the cat bolted, blindly spitting, and, instinctively, to the man. In that supreme moment that beast, which had been wild in a blackened, stricken land for twelve months, went to the man.
It was a cluVS (have, and nothing on earth could have saved puss except
one thing hair, the heavy, nailed Soot of the man landed just abaft the ^nine's shoulder dropping the brute as V she
clean kick over the heart’ And in the same instant the cat leapt for the man’s back, and the man laughed.
The laugh echoed hollowly up the shell-pitted, deserted ' street. Then the man’s hand slid up to the cat stroking him, and he purred.
And then, very quietly, almost
slid to the
nd it cagie. True to a
had been pole-axed
“Stop that man from speaking. Let
us attend to business.” But still the
.	,	.	... good man proceeded
Many are the good stories of the	pp leave the conference,” cried
Charles Wesley.	%
John looked up with a dry smile. “Will one of the brethren reach my brother his hat?” he said. Charles subsided.
It is inevitable that reference should be made to Peter Mackenzie, who was so popular an evangelist amongst the Wesleyans some few years ago. He noted for his pulpit humor, and occasion remarked, "It's a mercy Jacob didn’t keep a refreshment room, for he charged so much for his poor id ge." Speaking once of a man with a very wide mouth, he remarked, “I should think a man with a mouth like that could sing a duet all by himself.”
“Unless he
thoughtfully, the man ground and was still# Ha had fbteM from loss of blood and from starva-
tion
?olor
Then you may marry her,
cheeks
knowing she is of good health.
“Don’t marry a girl just because fuis of milk and melt a small piece of ^ bas n pretty figure and large, lus-butter in it. Do not let it boil. ’lake trous ryes, and is a beautiful dancer, 6 eggs, beat the yolks with a tea-	Qt twenty she has only the mind of
spoonful of salt, a dash of pepper and Q gjrj twelve years old. a tablespoonful of flour. Stir into	Among the other suggestions he
the hot milk, adding lastly the stiffly gave to the man considering choosing beaten whites and a little parsley. a wife were:
Pour into a well-buttered frying pan. Don’t marry an heiress. You may Put into a hot oven. In a few minutes become unhappy with her and her It will have risen, delicate brown.
Slip on a platter, folding it in the middle.
Corn Omelet.—To 2 eggs, the yolks ind whites of which have been beaten ight and separately as usual, add the pulp from 2 ears of corn grated. Sea-with salt and pepper and add a little parsley if liked tablespoons of water, ikillet in the usual way, fêld, and
buttered platter. Many
on this
It was very still ia that desolate The moon threw squat sha-
T
•/
street.
dows of the houses athwart the road, and made a little inky blot of a single gigantic rat, his wicked little eye* shining like gimlet-holes in a green lampshade, squatting, hunched, in the middle of thc road.
i:
was on one
Z
f.

Saved by the Cat.

These things the man saw as he regained consciousness, and he could hear other rata in the inky pools of black where the open doors of the houses gaped. He shuddered, and wondered dimly how long it would be Problem of Finding English Help before they got him.
Grows Daily.	And then, suddenly, as if a hand
Domestic servants can demand, and had come down and wiped them out,
s z;
creasingly difficult to find in London, and in the silence that followed he ms-Kngland.	tinctly heard a deep and comforting
So many opportunities exist now purring at his elbow. Very • oX* > f for women to obtain work previously turned, very slowly put out his an , given to men that young women who stroked, and started. He ha ouc f were, or would have become, domestic feathers as well as fur. it wan servants, now seek less monotonous cat, come back, and with a dea employment, with more free hours between his jaws.	„	.
and more spare cash to spend.	And that is how a missing g
The large majority of housewives, strength to regain his regimen , a therefore, who were accustomed to if ever in your career you co have one or two servants, have now across a regiment with a ta y-an -to pay wages of from $100 to $125, white cat as its mascot, jus it is said at a West End registry down to that cat and respect IL Nexi office, in order to attract to their ser- to their colors, he is their most o y vice girls who before the war would possession.—London Answers. •
Many curious advertisements appear in different journals which publish demands for women workers.
The old question, “What to do our girls?” is quite dead, even with Type writing machines that print reference to the girls who have to syllables of two and three letters by turn out and earn a living without a single pressure of the key have bees
put on the market.


money.
Don’t marry into a family where there are traces of insanity or feeblemindedness.
Look up the health record of her parents and grandparents.
Avoid the daughter of a confirmed
alcoholic.
When he came to the part of his lecture referring to thc ages for mar-he turned to the blackboard,
—+
MORE PAY FOR SERVANTS


ion
Mix with 2 Cook in a hot
wrote some figures, and said:
“According to the best scientific research the figures on the board show the relative ages at which men and women should marry.”
Here is the table as he wrote it:—
A man of 21 should marry a girl between 19 and 23 years.
At 25—one between 21 and 27.
At 30—one between 23 and 28.
At 35—one between 23 and 30.
At 40—one between 25 and 33.
At 45—one between 25 and 35. w ware.	At 50—one between 40 and 60.
Add a little ammonia to the water At 60—one between 45 and CO.
In which you wash silver and glass- At 70—one between 50 and 60. ware. It brightens both of them won- At 80—one between 60 and 70. lerfully.	“When a man gets to be 50 years
Before baking apples make a small old," he continued, "he should not exslit all the way round each with a p*ct to rear a family. I advise such knife. This will prevent their split- j a man to marry a widow with several
ting when cooking.	children.
When preparing rhubarb dip each “When a man of 60 or more mar-
jtalk into boiling water. This will riee fe |# only for the purpose of hav-	___
Hot Injure it, and it will require less |ng a nurse during his declining years.	having any experience.
sugar in cooking.	] It is unfair for him to marry anyone e _	.	'	~	___ Any woman nowadays can get some
To prevent blue from streaking younger than himself. He should „	ciMPI ICITY FOR SCHOOL. 1 pockets and cuffs at lower edge. Sizes kind of work if she wishes.	nurirur th# first three centuries of
clothe! mix one dessertspoonful of marry a childless widow or an old 8MART SIMPLICITY rim m	u „ lg an(1 20, sire 18 requiring	The war has effectively killed snob-	, J v	‘	sh krlfament	ail	who serv-
soda in the bluing water. Baking maid.” •	  3% yards 42-inch material.	bery, and the girl who now cuts up	L in	|t	were	Daid	in	the fifteenth
•ods, of course.	-----*----- With the opening school days. th. The other pattern, No. 8899, in s the heron in the provision shop msy rentur_ the am„unt was two shillings
Old brass msy be cleaned to look	may not be seen in the young ladies will all hsve to be pro- Misses Dress opening in the front have received a better education and °
like new by pouring strong ammonU	of Bergen, Norway, after a vided with suitable -clothes for the and consisting Of a blouse in shallow |* 0f better birth than many of the
sees mm wmmmmz* wm&
in the Juice extractor.	~ ,,	,	h collar, full-length sleeves with requiring 5H yards ««-inch mstensl would be infinitely better off then London not long ago.
If the stains on a dirty mackintosh Germany s secret police are fur-	an(j j, made with or	with % yard 86-inch contrasting	many girls in the City on a $6.26 a
will not come off with brushing take nished with “police eye-glasses	, .	.	packets. Sises $8 te 42.	goods.	^	week salary, with omnibus fares to
wanrAV' n,b	% rr. Lti ~ -*1~‘" "
jzar ~ïutï1--» « —« -

.1
nerve on a
variation* may be played theme, just as with other omelets, using tomatoes, cheese, etc., if desired.




ti
Hint* for the Home.
Canned fruits make excellent puddings in winter.
To keep suet fresh, chop roughly and sprinkle with a little granulated
sugar.
Salt water, applied with a brush, the best method for cleaning wil-

-



ki
s



t
B
6
1



It is usually the nyn with the least to say that talks the most
8804-8938
8899
a day
on
It multiplied by 2, S, 4, or eny other integer leas than 9, the number 1,17e$-470,588,236,294 will probably produce
the same digita in the ¦ ljfj| •imply beginning at a different pl*<*
*
Birds go on singing at the Front, , unperturbed by the heaviest shell-
###PAGE###3###
i
BIBLE PROPHETS
AMD THE WAR
We have only to think of poisonous gas, liquid fire, and other inhuman barbarities to see that prophecy is being fulfilled in this war.
Further, when we are puzzled as to the long years when the Kaiser seemed to be the one who kept the peace of PROPHECIES BEING FULFILLED Europe, we can turn to the prophecy
and see that such a period is indicated. "He who now letteth" means “he who now restrains," and the reference is clear enough. Bismarck held the Kaiser back, until “the pilot was dropped," and war preparations, hidden under a fearful cloak of hypocrisy, be-
THOUSANDS OF WOUNDED HAVE
BEEN MOVED IN THIS MANNER
National Duty in War
From The Round Table.

London, Sept. 22.—The events of end, and at least something would be the past three months make it un- done. If the nation could onh. realize necessary to demonstrate further how that it is not fighting so much against H Kreat is the effort which lies before militarism, or for Belgium, or for f:J uTa' liberty is to be saved in Europe, anything else, but just against itself, Now that Russia has been forced to against all that which has kept us evacuate not only Galicia, hut where we are, instead of the living Poland, every citizen of the Empire Empire we ought to be, there would must be able to see for himself that be more hope. Unless we first cast the war is likely to be a very long the beam out of our oyvn eye it is no business indeed, and that the cause of use shrieking at the size of the mote Liberty will triumph only if we put in the eye of another nation, and forth our whole strength. Germany until we do it our struggles and the has produced no Napoleon. But in heavy price of manhood we are pay the forty years that her General Staff ing will really be as vain as they has spent in working out the theory sometimes appear. Our light at proof the conquest of Europe she has sent is a peculiarly thick darkness, created a military system and a na- and great because so few seem to tional
BEFORE OUR EYES.
a
*


j m
i

m
Arresting Predictions About the Great Conflict Culled From Uoly
. Writ
»
j



m
s
An awful, whirling Armageddon of The pregnant passage in Thcssalon-the nations; the rise of an anti-Christ; inns (verse 8, chapter 2) indicates in or, as is the correct and vastly more mysterious language the destruction significant rendering, “A Man of Law- j of the “Lawless One." His end may lateness" (Theta. II. Chap. 2); his aim be awful!
at supreme personal power and world “The Lord shall consume him with dominion; his clnim to be God; his use the spirit of him mouth, and destroy in the world-car** /at of “power and with the brightness of his coming." signs and lying wonders" (deeds which create astonishment and fear); his overthrow ; the coming of Christ, and then the end of the world!
Such seems to be the purport of Scriptural prophecies. , But immense

m
z<

>%
f

! :
Wa
A Man of Many Religions.
organization unequalled by know that it is darkness and hai been those of any of the Allies. By com- darkness even when we thought it parison we are all somewhat ama- light."
< J teur. It will, therefore, be by our
I endurance, our courage and our We propose to consider this diag | I numbers rather than -by any superior- nosis in two parts. First, as it con-ity in generalship that we must reck- cerna our conduct of the war, and
second as it concerns our national Till recently nobody fully realized ™de of life. In substance the criti-these facts. In consequence as a na- <*'sm our conduct of the war tion and as an Empire we have so far amounts to this, that as a nation we failed to approach the problem of or- have not yet risen to the full level ganization for war in the spirit of ah- of our duty in this supreme crisis of solute subordination of the conditions the world, that we have spent much
time in abusing the sins of Germany, It is this while we have dealt lightly with our of the own, that we have criticized our own r % | dissatisfaction and unrest which have Government unmercifully, and have manifested themselves in the body changed it, but that we have not yet politic in the last few months. In i,eKun to make the sacrifices and in-one sense we have nothing to be Çur the discipline that are necessary ashamed of. The spirit and bravery if we are to support our own brothers ! ! of the individual have been beyond all an(J our Allies at the front to the ut ; praise. The figures for voluntary en- most of our power. That individuals
and an immense multitude of them ! I of officers and men by land and sea, have sacrificed their all, but that as a I the long hours spent by workers, male community we have not pulled our-and female, in factory and workshop seIyes together, nor abandoned abso-producing munitions of war, are an Cutely the shibboleths of peace, nor answer, final and conclusive, to the accomplished fully the three things charge of degeneration in the nation- which really matter in war: the oral stock. Nor have our actual per- ganization and disciplining of the formances in the field fallen short of whole population for the purpose of what either we ourselves or our Allies the war, the absolute suspension of had good reason to expect. It would evefy hindrance, probably have been impossible by any capital or labor, which impedes the other method to have produced a work of national supply, the husband larger army, better trained and bet- in* of the resources of the nation b> ter equipped, and of better material, a riKi(1 enforcement of public and in so short a time. The task of the Private economy. That people arc _____	__	_____	.	,	.	. 'fleet has been discharged with such !8tm left to serve only if they choose
THF RRIHF fiF	THF	[ ^"Plated-no one ,or.	'"1	«lient efficiency that people are in- and when they choose, that industrie:
1 Mj DÜX1L/L VL	inL	thinks it would have had	the least	c|jned to forget that it may yet be service is rendered by many employ
nnill/ir nr	urn re	effiC.VUp0n, Germ??y’a long-conceived	the moJt decisive achievement of the ers only if they are handsomely pai<
PRINl \ l)r	WALES	amb't,on °î amash,ng ua	at the first	whole war. Yet there has been some for it, that trade union regulations
1 lUllVEi VI	ITp	good opportunity.	national failure of method or purpose restrictive of output are still enforced
--	™erea:;e	a?v*ra fam'llea ,among in the war, though it is difficult to that t trikes occur, and that, through
the English aristocracy whose descent gee exact]y where it lies. It cannot be out, money is squandered lavishly as is as ancient and honorable as that of ascribed to delay in achieving mili-, if nobody could be expected to do hit
éüü ###|—E “.. WMWmmmm. |mm
g#asî=:z.:::'::.. "l-t.... eéhbée	ESShS
hearts are failing them for fear. u ar art,e of dlct ln Canada. The problem has arisen in regard to the	sources which are vital if we are tc
What the next year may hold, or even r^a!V)n8 or v11® are varlous aJld S(^m® marriage of the Heir Apparent of the There are some who fear that it	. . , . ... make certain of victory for our cause
the next month, is best unthought of. "f them must ie removed before fish British Throne.	would weaken the Monarchy, or posai-	,	feeline now anH m r -	11 ia easy to ,ose ai*ht of the im
• We may pass from horror to horror.	«m become a national habit. n j, quite certain that there can be , bly give rise later to conflicting claims	Wore w.«t much	mense «mount of hard and efficient
But it is in the Epistle to the Thes- *" the flrat Placa- fraah aef flah » no alliance between the English Royal to the Throne, such as in ancient days	% g^much nearer the |abor whkh ,, heing put forth amid
salonians that prophecy seems to find P™V> condition has been almost un- House and that of any branch of the led to civil war; but there is no real	.£ J*™. u'	the confusion and turmoil incidental
its fulfilment to-day. The language is obtainable even at Points not far re- German Royal Family for many a justification for such fears. The war ^onde.whether_there are to 1be found the sudden transformation of th«
very difficult, and the English transla- moved from the coasts. This has been long year to come, if ever, indeed, has tended to deepen the affection of an^nw®. “*	' Wb° at 'aat industrial, social and political life ol
tion fails	to get the full force of the	due frequently to inefficient hand-	such an alliance becomes again possi-	*11 classes for the Monarchy, and it is	,	'	.	a democratic	and	unwarlike State
original	Greek; but there, as in Reve-	W of the fish by the fishermen and	hie. But the hard fact remains that,	more firmly established than ever in	*“e h°ld “J™ P”h.n "tt if.	When all has	been	said and done oui
lation, the “Man of Lawlessness," the the distributing agencies. It has outside German Royalties, there are	the affections of the English rr‘n^0,	: .	*	.	* thi ,	'y°rs ar,€	effort has been prodigious considering
. one who is responsible for the fearful also been due to unsatisfactory trans- serious difficulties in the way of find-	An alliance between the He, Ap-	°Pen*d	BV, nf	m ? d’	our unpreparedness for war
portation and retail market condi- ing a suitable bride for the soldier parent with the daughter of a great a, I d°. th s change effgoveniment m« ati„ jn thig charge there ig funda. tions. These difficulties are not in-	son of our Sovereign who is one day	English aristocratic house would tend	» Plty-	while fully recognising	that	menta] truth	We	Bre now fightin
surmountable, and some of them are	destined, if he lives, to reign over the	to strengthen this affection further,	‘ was	necessita^led >y our system	the war wjth	only	half our national
already being overcome. Education | British Empire, says London Answers,	and would be vastly more popular	What we	want is not a	change of gov-	gtrength 0ne ha|f of the nation
of fishermen and others who handle I It would be out of place to discuss	than a foreign alliance.	,	'	I 8^"te.,n’ al?d	and that the smaller half, are sub
fish is a necessity that cannot be just now the special character of these	Pleased in One Thing.	. on mn, .	.e„ry	y mining themselves to discipline and
much longer overlooked. Traditional difficulties^ but it may at least be	,	.	.	... , .	whi . • P .v P“ „ .n/" ,'yine' to separation from relatives
ÉMU	### ISlSi^Sü
wmm ma msmmémm
that wicked one be revealed; even the fishing port, to the larger inlan<l age:1Jthat the ^ysl Marr,a,e A.rt	______________________
him, whose coming is after the work- centrea. The present offers splendid ahould re{f*!„’."* “	"*+, The Story of Why C.n.da Was Called j CARS FOR FIRE FIGHTING. | way has two such cars stationed at
SSSwrjSw a	sTSr;	:	! ~	; EHSHB r'H
the prophecies m Revelation.	Canadians are to be taught to eat	If. l.h* A<? ^	CLanada forgranted; but the origin of The management of the Govern-	grnt	season,	placing	it	at Algonquir
A dread personality is indicated. figh there mugt ^ more enlightened	Ponded the heir to the Ihrone could	that somewhat unusual term is known ment railways has made material pro-	Park	station,	to be used	in extinguish
n.:„r-^e,rMrwar and ™e_phonograph.	a? jx..
In his bid for world-power, he has One it the pilot, who runs and steers ! war, this may happen.	liament rose from his seat and told tr_rlr	nf	**
broken every law of God, men and	na-	the craft; the other it the observer, The daughters of the English sov-	his colleagues that he had read in his _imii * rnrs at pAnvrii^nf n^int * i ,
tiona. He is the anti-Christ; the Man	who marks the placing of the hostile . ereigns have ere this married the sons	Bible that very morning the words: I tw,ipn fu.,	ritv ,lf a.1iiUip * , ,
troops, the position of their guns, the	of peers; and nothing really stands in	“His dominion shall be from the one Ontario boundary is under mn-id. m
within the memory of us all how he movement of trains, etc. The ob-	the way of the future Princess of	tem to the other.” Accordingly, he lion Snrrial Are n»tr will »i
has blasphemously claimed to bs Di- server also makes many sketches of , Wales being a lady of pure English suggested that Canada should be	lnH th, H.taiiu -ir.! k
vine.	the ground over which he is flying— descent, except an Act of Parliament	known as the Dominion, or God's i considered	Hon Frank Cochran/
"1 am your God! he told	his	work that often interferes with hi# that can very easily be altered. Al-	Land. The suggestion seized upon Minister of	Railway nH	k..
Guards. The point need not be la- writing notes and memoranda. In cer- Ranees by marriage between Royal the hearts an< imagination» of those Lnnminrgttj that the um< m r,
S££5rr -Lr: -rx^-1cïSssS	^ ““£Es3S£5S5i:
1 «SH-s :	B	% £-sr.
hat it was’ She married him."	meat railways are not uador the jur	v t*	ha* been
diction of the Railway Commission 1 m* ever sirw‘
Bix—"Getting in debt is as easy as Special tank cars for flre-flghting falling out of an airship Dix— purposes constitute efficient means of
“Yea; and getting out of debt ia about conserving forest resources along rail- h,rths and seventy deaths a day in
| way lines. The Canadian Pacific rail- London
m#
Let u» remember that the Kaiser, if he poses to-day for a Christian, has posed as Mohammedan to the Turks, and it would surprise no one if he openly flung away Christianity, and difficulties surround the subject, and proclaimed himself as the new God. the difficulties are lessened by the fact that many phophecies which seem to point directly to the present time were fulfilled by the Fall of Jerusalem, says a writer in London An-
i


l
I
f
on to win the war.
It is but a step, and the prophecy will be complete.
The prophecies in Revelation as to
the great world-combat are clothed in
mystical language, and are full of
puzzling allegory. But chapter 13 is
significant. The reference there is to
a “beast" which shall make war!
There reman, some however which, ,.And ^,re was given unto him a
without a forced or fanciful mterpre- mouth ki great things and testation, are surely being fulfilled be- p^ies; and power was given to him
fore our t ycs.	to continue forty and two months.
The Scriptural books in which these And he opencd hig mouth in bias-
prophecies occur arc Daniel, three of phemy againat God> to blaspheme His the Gospels, Thcssalomons, and the name, and His tabernacle."
Book of Revelation. Daniel may be chapters 17 and 18 continue the excluded, because his prophecies are anegorical prophecies, and in chapter practically repeated in Revelation. 16 wc comr to the reference to Arma-The Gospel prophecies by Christ arc gcddon when lhe kingg of the earth
found in St. Luke, 21; St. Mark, 13; do battle with those which have the and St. Matthew, 24. They differ but ««spirit8 0f devils." in detail, and St. Luke may be quoted:
“Nation shall rise against nation; and great earthquakes shall be in divers places, and famines and pestilences, and fearful sights and great signs shall there be from heaven."
( Verses 10, etc.) .
“And there shall be signs in the sun, and in the moon, and in the stars; and upon the earth distress of nations, with perplexity; the sea and the waves roaring; men's hearts failing them for fear, and for looking after those things which are coming on the earth; for the powers of heavon shall be'shaken. And then shall they see the Son of Man coming in a cloud with power and great glory." (Verses 25, etc.)
a


&

ewers.
W
i

Taken From the Gospels.
and controversies of peace to the supreme necessities of war. L_ failure which is the root cause
m
i
/

z
zr

ks4
/
f
"K . <
k

Tj
%
JR «
y

~A
F

W


1
listment, the endurance and courage
W'
r.
!
One feels that we are living in the times pointed out, and watching the awful drama being unfolded, even if the greatest of scholars cannot unravel the strange and tangled threads of the world-war prophecies in that wonderfully prophetic Book of Revelation.	'


m
IpgT

L2
» in the picture we see one of the British soldiers who Is convalescing from wounds In the arms, unable to help himself, go down the ladder to the hospital launch. For such as he a chair has been rigged up, and he Is seated in It while the crane from which the chair is suspended I* being swung out to the launch. Thousands of wound<*d British soldiers returnin'- from the Durdanelle* and other zones of war, are removed from the hospital shins on their arrival In |H»rts in such manner as this before being transferred to the hospitals ashore.
however dear to
FISH AND COST OF LIVING.
As a Substitute for Meat Fish Should
Be More Used.
“Eat fish” should prove a valuable slogan for combatting the high cost of living. Meat has risen in price steadily within recent years, and, strangely enough, the available supply is becoming less competent to|NO FEAR OF A GERMAN “FRAU" meet the demand. I4 is not surprising, therefore, that fish should be looked to as a substitute. As a food
it is excellent, comparing not unfavor-	_______
ably with meat, although the proper-1 Marriage of the Heir Apparent to an pyrea£ English descent ? tiens of nutritive elements such as protein, albumen and fat differ considerably.
Heretofore, fish has not been a popular article of diet in Canada. The reasons for this are various and some
of them must be removed before fish I British Throne, eating can become a national habit.
In the first place, fresh sea fish in no
prime condition has been almost un- House and that of any branch of the to civil war; but there is_no obtainable even at points not far re- German Royal Family for --------------- !
Armageddon Is With Us.
\
But
and horrible world-cataclysm, is plainly indicated.
Here is the passage (These. II. Chap. 2), with explanatory notes following:
Full el Significance.
and
(To be continued.)
*-
Played the Same Game.
George—“You seem devoted to that eld lady you were with. Is she a near relative
h<»w it is. She is the mother of Miss Beautie, and IVe always heard that the nearest way to a girl's heart through her mother's. That's why I'm so sweet on the old lady. See?' Humph! Yes, I see. I played that L'ome, too, when I was young." “Yes,
of Sin; the Lawless one. And it Is
Gus—“Hist! I'll tell you
18
the astonishment or fear they create, so that by talking into the machine at
At

t, S# cord his observations and still have
There is an average of about 350
tank Signs” d
If such an alliance had been arranged
###PAGE###4###
SHAWVILLE SASH AND DOOR FACTORY. R. G. HODGINS, Prop.
V
I Van, l>ridgt\ ÿlJ ; druw-
?*4 : silling vvdar. 1R.50
Carried.
Motion ; Courts. 1 Van and JUi-Ikm I’ltat wr d«> now adjourn to mort at tlir all of tin* S-rrvtiu v. -1 an ini.
I T II.......in..
ivv machinery has iieen installed to res-	. TU. .
millipiii
.t majority of h,.hoU.,uiorsl «-->»atton. l« situated In tbo gullct. II.
xvorkmv., ..i or ,,t ,v*tfullx touch tog fo,,nJ tUat « cocaine Injection In the
a l.uttou or ,.rt'"im; a l.-x. i ami xxatchvd csopUnRu.. (the channel from the mouth amanti. m!n l.itmrx	tl,v „,„i to the stomach) results In Immex hue
xxitho.it 'train in a u m.wle or tiring . «uppresslou of (he sensations of both norxv. and xvoro translate.! to the oh- hunger end thirst
.at..rx in xxhioh -at tin- v.'tativ Savages have long known that the Imist. looking through tho teles. .tv chexxiug of coca leaves renders the
instillation in admiring wonder at fillet Insensitive and destroys nny e-
girr for food or drink. — New lork
Tribune.
THE EQUITY.
I
t Loitdi, mini
N
SHAWViLLE. OCT. 7, 1913.
hi
t
brilliant
Hon. Arthur Mvigl
mg solic itor general <»t V maila. ha n raised to the rank ot nister without )H>rtfolio,
' him to attend and pai
tl
I’rea
s
Manufacturer of and Dealer in
i tu net
COPPER COUNTRY
Sash, Dressed
Lumber, etc.
Doors,
t the IViw t
i
\
1
«
,	aim the (
11 out uul i ush war are Illinois along the sh*»n hundred
11
t ountry r.xhrv» } into the fertile field
t' Like Mielul gun. Then the vestal \ irgiiw draw the curtains of night abnit us and pin them with a star. The genial porter introduces us to our vozy corner, which like the guest chamlier in a modern mansion. The hours of dreamland are s)H*nt in Wisconsin, and as the tire breathing monster dashes through the darkness, but “One Eye" knows how near we often run to the rim of eternitx The morning bells of the eastern sun wake us a> the train skirts the shore of a series of Wautiful lakes and winds
through moor and meadow, cutting its my last letter, 1 regret that l will not In* curving way through |H>plar blurt’s, 1ml- able to attend the School Fair on the sam groves and taiuarae lowlands dis- ittli., but 1 should like to send a pensing a drug that seems a% a morning message to the children who have given tonic suggesting the hunger of a hunter, the County of Pontiac a wider outlook the appetite of a country l>oy and the on t lie possibilities of rural life, stomach of an ostrich.	The rural school more than any other
Next we greet the first vision of the factor of our daily life controls the food great Lake Superior, the mother of eon- supply of the nation. The foundation tmental waters and the head waters of of our physical life, and the distinguish-a thousand miles of lakes and a thou- ing mark of efficient citizenship in the sand miles of rivers that bound and community is skill in the production of bind together the two and yet one great | f<**L The school may so organize the
life of the people it serves as to increase At Houghton we enter the gateway I their social well Lung and bring to of the copper country. The altitude is them the latest achievements in science so marked thut 1 resides a Mogul engine and art. As evidence of these truths,1 open range pulling, a monster is pushing our train the presence of large numbers at the ; cu^ alfalfa is fed out at the rate of up the heights, and now we are slowing school fair, and the introduction of pure lhree P°unds P«r bead a day. In an up in the city of Calumet the centre of bred fowl and pure bred seeds and the * r*ffe_i#5a.^*. ! *V.«''\\\\!rîp!i «\ all the mining activities of the greatest interest in sewing and domestic arts head inasmuch as the market copier mines in the world. Calumet is may L- instanced.	for both wool and mutton is splendid,
not a shack town. It has magnificent NX v realize, however, that only a while losses from sheep and depre-cliurclivs. representing all classes and lx»ginning has lx*en made, but year by datory animals and disease are al-ereeds in the catalogue. It has avenues | year will add to our progress. Thus, most Infinitesimal, the profits are and boulevards, throbbing business de- j there are improvements this year in otir large. The present strength of the partmvnts. palatial homes, schools and text L»oks, an arithmetic that meets the , flock is abou, 2,000. volosxuims, automobiles and Fords, j needs of the rural school, and others.1 Operating in the dry belt this firm Forty thousand jns.plv in the city and Nature study and elementary agrieul- hnde irrigation advisable for the al-cominunity are absolutely dependent on ! tnre haxc Lcunc important subjects in r&lfa The first application is made tire ..ne (.rmlm-t of which the fwtriarvh thr curse of 'tu.lv. an.l instruction at Î Si
•1..I. taught in the tir>t literature of any | in these bnmehes has Ivon im|«rtci to ^ ground preliminary to giving im-language when he wrote :	Iron is teachers by the institution of short petus to the second crop
taken out of the earth and copier is courses at Macdonald College.	catch in this section has never been
luoulten out of the stone. There is a I XX e have appointed a demonstrator to difficult. XVhen offered for sale the tradition that this fountain of wealth rural schools, whose duty will be to link alfalfa brings varying prices accord-was discovered by the animal from | the school with Macdonald College, and |lng to conditions; this year the range which we -*-t tin- classic “ root hog or I who will give advice and help t die, as he foraged for food. It must teachers and pupils in Nature Stud) magnify his l>li>* in the “ paradise of j and who will supervise the planning Enderby than the figures given of pigs to see the progress of his discov- and planting of the school grounds, so total production would indicate.
that children may Ik? brought up in Acreages on individual farms are not
Thru came the great Agatsiz, who I heantiful surrounding*.	lte
was at home in the .lee|. m u soumJiugs We are all gla.l at the College to hegr j ” L ^falfa mil, vu established at "t the ocean, and the classic lialb of of the great interest the parents take m ; th,B plave lagl fall and lurned out
lie "- i" one of the first pro- the work of the children, and this is around iqq tonB 80lling It to stockât industry and hi* j matter for congratulation.	raisers In the interior from $20 to
major interest in the [ With best wishes for future success $25 a ton. In feeding value alfalfa MNi.iMM» dividends that have I»een for your schools, and for the agrieul- meal closely approaches bran and utput for stockholders since the | tural work you have undertaken, I farmers effected a great saving by
feeding the former. The past winter of course bran has been selling for around $40 a ton
where there was a big bunch of hogs, the meal was used in combination with barley chop with success.
It Is quite easy to predict great increases in the British Columbia alfalfa acreage. Studying agricultural economics In the past, it Is apparent why alfalfa, though a flourishing crop, was not more extensively seeded. The interior farmers kept little live stock, because hay farming was much more profitable commands $18 to $25 a ton in the open market, It Is rather difficult to make more out of It by feeding to stock. Timothy hay was In most demand and so alfalfa was almost ne-jglected. These conditions have passed now and the trend is back to live stock —J. V. B.
MT*
solar, lunar ami stellar creation of l. and with him lind ourselves ex-
What L man that Thou
1
l‘to N'l
(
!
f 1
!
lanning ut mindful of hin
l
ALFALFA IX IL C
This a
Bavarian, Saxon or Wur i>ualtiex which arc
dxtcvn thousand h the irg lists of ii to have L'eu appalling
not
W Xl 11 U lil »KLL
Custom Sawing:.
t, Mid
Importance of Crop Is Not Fully
Realized As Yet.
(
I
J
Local soil and climatic conditions i in the Northern Okanagan, around Ashcroft, and in sections of the Brit-
Interesting Letter from ' Principal Harrison.
in connection with prisoners of war in all parts many up to ten days ago are Of these (»3G arc at G lessen, 1GS Hanover, 1 NT at Munster, 53 at Svne-!a_ei, >7 at Mesehede, 48 at Pederborn, 4«", at Olmlruf and 14 at Ol»orhaiisen.
remainder are distributed in Belgium and north west Germany.
flic last rctm
Macdonald ( »lleg»\
Thursday, Sept. 23rd, 1913
Ish Columbia dry belt, are perfect
for alfalfa. The crop is extensively
grown, but not to the extent it will
be when its Importance is more fully realised. At Enderby, a district formerly heavily wooded and still In an early stage of development, two thousand tons were grown last year, and this season, it is estimated, the crop will be fully thirty-three per cent, larger. Three crops are cut and an average exceeding three tons to the acre	¦¦¦¦¦¦¦
valley, at Vernon, there is one ranch owned by a Belgian syndicate, which has 500 acres in the crop.
The big ranch alluded to feeds a large percentage of the crop to sheep, which have proved extremely profitable. Except during the few weeks of snow In winter, they are kept on
When foraging is diffl-
SHAWVILLE MARBLE AND GRANITE WORKS
T. SHORE - PROPRIETOR.

Mv dear Mr. King :—
For tin* reason* already mentioned in
I have on hand the finest
stock of Marble and Granite Monuments ever placed before the public Prices are such that it will be to intending
i
Further down the
The rejK>rt is again current that lion, uis Coderre will resign his office as S., ret ary of State and his seat in the Commons, and will succeed Judge Tel-livr on the Superior Court Wneh at M ntrval. lie is likely to he succeeded by Hon. 1’. K. Blond in, minister of inland revenue. E. !.. Vadenaude, M. L. A. for La praire, is spoken of as most likely to enter the Dominion cabinet to iv minister of inland revenue.
of this district
purchasers’ interest to consult me before placing their order elsewhere. Nothing too large—nothing too small.
»
1
people of North America
FENCING AND CEMETERY WORK A SPECIALITY
All Work Guaranteed Satisfactory.
i
German intrigue seems to have succeeded in inducing the king and government <»f Bulgaria to array their country on the side of the central powers and ouvert it into a channel through which a ( ivinan army tnav march to the relief
Fall Suitings
ut their traditional enemy the Turk, upon whom the British and French a lied forces are daily tightening the
The Bulgarian |*eople aix far from unanimous in support of the decision their government has ar-
With a choice lot of
NEW FALL TWEEDS
in stock
we are able to fit you with a Dressy Suit.
Call and see them.
Sweaters, fain Coats and faady-lfade Suits.
Getting a
le hold
was $10 to $15.
Alfalfa is a more conspicuous crop
rived at, and noted authorities on Balada ira express the opinion that it ikvlv lead to rebelliot
I
X general tie- situation w « mid seem t<«
NX
en
that Bulgaria’s government has ness of a bad business. If an tt.ick i> made ujhui Serbia, the Bulgare Il it once have to face strong opjmsi-ion from Greece, and may also count n the invasion of a big allied army : 1-1 when all i* over and done, a further partition of n ha pie*
I» " late by the ravages of war
i
Han ard
moters <•« this family still hold
S12
tlu
L-gmiimg.
The more one sees of the working of this stupendous system, the more the conviction is burned into the mind \) t the capitalist is not the only sinner i the awful present day conflict liettuvti
r and the employed, thousand men are engaged by the Calumet and llecla company. They have eight-hour shifts and may earn from M2 to xô |K»r day. The company
MURRAY BROS., SH/\WVILLE.
remain
Sincerely your*,
F. V\ Harki son
try, made
On one farm
T.I3 MARKETS
Clarendon Council Minutes
tl
I
We are ready for Your
SL AWVI1LE
ion of Clarendon Conn held this 13th day of ?September, t ten o'clock, a. in., in Hynes
la i
>v*s
Flour pci barrel $0.50
Wheat, pei bushel, standard-
Oats,per bushel, 32v.
Butter tubs, print sand rolls 22c Potatoes pet bag. 50c.
Ezra perdozen 25c.
Fork per 100 lbs.7.50 to 8.00 Hides per 100 lbs. 10.00 PMts 23 t o 73 each Horse Hides each 2.50 Calfskins each 03 to 75 X'eal Skins, each 90c Wool washed perlh,32c to 38c Hay per ton $10.50
Spring and Summer Trade
owns all the houses and keep them in Mayor XV. 11 Harr, and splendid condition, also gardenand
Shaw villi
• •
When hay
" ins. Bert llodgins, -Xlex Bean, XX*. T |every modern comfort, for which they Barber and Geo, T. Dagg
Minutes of last meeting read and I wards per month
Roofing,
Troughing,
And any Tin work required in building.
Carload of Sheet Iron just placed in stock.
PRICES REASONABLE
Sheeting
pay a rental of from six dollars and U|
ri.
inpany pro
free pasture for one cow for each Motion : Conns. Bean and Barlier— family. I liey have a company hospital I'h it Mayor Barr interview Mail* s Cow equipped with the most modern surgical *y ami arrange matters in dispute, if and mvdival start*. All the employees
are treated without cost and also
Motion : Colins. Dagg and Barber— families. The miners have access to a Malison McDowell has made a large free library, the gift of the Senior |uitable reduction for broken tile, we Agassiz. They are also provided with pay the balance of his account up to free baths, swimming |hh.1> and uth-elate of fl<». — Carrie* 1
Th it cotin. Bert Hodgina have the nec- ( brnishmen. The management, from
*	" iry repair# on the Pickanoek road the general manager with all the su;ier-
hv.tr the 10th concession.—Carried.	intendent# ami heads of de|wirtiiients, is] stions
Motion :	Conns. Dagg and Hodgin* largely made up of Canadians.
-That the work under the following Snatching some time from the busy r**ad foremen l»e jlasted and i*ayiuent ministry of Evangelism we have gotten
a glimpse of this marvellous industry from-the time the ore leaves the vaulted deep, a mile below the surface, till it is ready for its important place in the mechanical spheres of this electrical age.
It is like a visit to the wonderland of mysteries to spend hours in the stamp —Carried, ing and melting departments. First,
Motion :	Couns. Beau and Barber— we enter the sacred chamlter of the
That we memorialize the (Quebec Gov- assayist, and watch the blowpipe proéminent to have the amount of licenses cess ^aud follow the magician almut, I Province of (Quebec,
•	ollected for automobiles applied to tke with uncovered head, as he lead* u* Munici|»ality of Shawville. road improvement in the municipalities into the microscopic world and weighs Public notice is hereby given to
in which said fees are collected ; that with scales so delicate that they can de- ers of real estate and resident house- gust 4 last year, was $81,760,000. he Secretary lie authorized to draw the fine accurately the mark of a |s*ncil on holders of the Municipality of Shawville Adding to this the expenditures since ..Mention of the authorities at Quebec	a piece of ;iaper.	I that the Collection Roll for the Corpor-	that date It will be seen, as stated,
to the fact that the amount of license A special pass admits us	to	the elec j at ion School Board is now made and	that so far Canadians have paid the
now collected on autocars in this tro-lythic department, where the large ; completed and will remain in my ;sw	°r
municipality almost equals the amount masses of cop|»er are susjtended m vats session for inspection during the next convictions^	ratio of expense,
!	-rant	,»id	to	our	municipality for	of nitric acid and the analytic eye and	thirty day,.	During	auch delay
r*Mid	improvement.—Carried.	magnetic finger of this agent succors the	any ratepayer	may	complain of	trop—	in th# hold
Motion :	Couns. Barlier and Hod- silver and other valuable bi-products said roll. Said thirty days having ex- Almost the whole expenditure if
gins—That we accept Rural Inspector and the ninety-nine and nine tenths per j pired, the School Board will meet on military In character, Canada's navy, E. Dagg* report re. the Schneaux road, cent pure copper is ready for what the Monday the 1st day of November, at especially now that German cruisers —Gamed.	professor call* conductivity for all form* B o'clock, p. m.. and shall proceed to have been drivqp from the
Motion l Couns. Bean and Hudgins	of electric service. Purity	in	metal as homologate said Roll, with or without	log her comparatively very little. The
That Mayor Harr procure two split	in religion is an economic asset, for the amendment. During the next twenty	navy Items are la the equipment and
or three	iHirer the cooper wire the larger the	days following said delay	of thirty davx	upkeep	of men at borne.	In	England,
—Car	volume of lighting and locomoting now-	all persons whose	name*	a pi tear on the	at	the front	The	pay	of	the
er it ,-an transmit	! Collection Roll are hereby notified to	UtU# **
For half a century’the sand like waste pay into the hands of the Secretary-	000 which
has been poured out into Lake Linden Treasurer, at his office, such taxes as arc _	. total aXDeu»* of the war
$	1.25 till about ten acres of lake area, aliont levied upon his or her property, with- #o faf $50.000,000 was voted at the
18.50 twenty feet deep, hsre been displaced, out further notice	moecia! 'August session of Parliament
4.00	Recently the secret service of the Given at Shawville this 1st day of mat year aad $40,000,000 oo
3.00	sciences has detected a profitable per- October, 5.__________________ of the war appropriation of $100,-
centage of copper and silver this heap I
1.50 of waste, and a huge plant full of piass I
i
SATISFACTION GUARANTEED,
bit
I
n
Gr. TFT, DALE
PRACTICAL TINSMITH Shawville, Que.
IS
CANADA'S WAR BILL
The Struggle Is Costing Roundly
$300,000 a Day.
A year of war has cost Canada
Thefjllowing ire last Saturdays quot-1190,000,000. The great struggle In
which many Canadians have already laid down their lives Is also calling for great financial sacrifices costing Canada, in fact, $300,000 a
The majority of the un-Coun.H. Bean and Dagg—| del ground lal*»rer* are foreigners and
lotie ground*
Butter, in prints 30c to31c Butter in pa Ms 28 to 30c Eggs, fresh, per dozen 25 to 30c Potatoes per bag 65 to 70c.
Pork, pei 100 lbs $10.00 to 13 50 Beef, per 100 lbs, $0.00 to 8 00 Oats per bushel 45c Hav per ton 18.00 to 21.00
SEE
It Is
day
Figuring this out even more finely, f* jit will be apparent that Canadians wrf a are going down Into their pockets to pay the expenses of the present struggle st the rate of nearly $13.000 an hour or about $226 a minute. And ' the statistician who cares to reduce his calculations to the ultimate unit will discover, of course, that the Canadian financial war clock Is ticking at the rate of about $4 per second.
The total war expenditure up to July 31, or practically twelve months n*n- after the war was declared on Au-
A. HOWARD’S Warerooms

I
I J. Bui., i. himon Barber,
W. A. Hodgin*, XV. T. McDowell, James Belabor,
J. A. Wall.
$205.98
77.25
90.23 132.00 124.96 78.48
FOR f A $ FEW # BARGAINS
3 New Mtinro Mclntonh Buggies 1 New Munro McIntosh two sent Express
1	No. 4 Maxwell Churn
2	Bluebell Washers
3	Connor Washers
Maxwell and Connor 3 and 5 year Wringers Double and Single Harness
2	Second Hand Square Piano*
1 Second Hand Cam Organ, good condition
3	Pair Farm Sloops, slightly used
1	1 air Heavy Horses, will exchange for pair of drivers
2	New Waggon Gears.
All kinds of repairs and accessories for Ford Cars kept in
stock ; also Gasoline and Oil.
iii* • * l - an* nil Ixmght for cash, hence I can give a close deal on
• ny term*.
PUBLIC NOTICE
u
i

cost-
ing drags, 10 feet lorn iTu be* wide, and 10 inc
UL
ri» <i
Motion : Conn*. Hodgin* and Dagg —That the following bill* lie paid • belabor, bill,	¦
James Hope à Ox, stationery,
W. J. Tubman, fixing washout,
A. 8 Elliott,
i*.
Jueepl
Give us a call.
out
E. T HODOINS
G. A. HOWARD.


###PAGE###5###

THE EQUITY,
NOTICE
TRICKS OF LIGHTNING.
Are there New Bugs,
New Curtains, or any other New House Furnishings To provide this fall ?
Then you cannot spend an hour more profitably than looking over these lines with us.
When you want the best value for your
. money in ,.
CAUTION TO HUNTERS
4 Waakly Journal devoted to Local Interests,
Published every Thuredn y
\[ Shawville, County Pontiac, Que.
X Favorite Prank Seems to Be to Strip
Its Victim Naked.
The Antic* ployed by lightning nre longtime* almost beyond belief. A •oinmou tiiclc l* that of undressing it* victims. In 1S98 two girls and nu ?ldevly woman were standing by u reaping machine during a storm. A Ightnliig flash struck the woman and dllvd her on the spot, while the two 'Ills were stripped to the skin, even rbelr boots being torn from their feet; otherwise they were safe and sound, nit astonished.
in 18.15 a man was struck by lightning near Vallerols, In France, and stripped naked. All that could Le found afterward of his clothes was a «liirt sleeve, a few other shreds and some pieces of his hobnailed bouts, l'en minutes after ho was struck be re-(gained consciousness, opened his eyes, complained of the cold and Inquired bow he happened to be naked.
"Tying firearms or hunting Such instances have been recorded ate ii'icby for hidden to tresjwss upon I again and again. In one case a man L'iis I I and I^ on the Nth range of lmj two oxen were struck simultané-Clarendon. Having lost a val 1 table ansly, and all three killed. The man annual List year through the reckless was found stripped to the skin, and his
use "f ü ,itf,., i wish to avoid tic risk
of losing any more of my stock in a similar manner, lienee this notice.
H. T ARGUE.
•\ uy per soi
r person found hunting or treHs|».i.Hsing with firearms on tin* following properties shall I*? dealt with oc-to law :—
SHINGLES
at SI.65 per ML and up
ni
A.so Lathe, Dry Lu in her. Clapboards Flooring. End Matched Hardwood Floor ing. Moulding*, Doors, etc., try
Sami ttii’TiON, $1 a Year in Advance
tT All arrears must be paid up before any p iper la discontinued.
(»KnK«iK C.‘ IfolHilN.s,
Robert Wilson,
ANTHoN V A ItM*TIP)N<
< lar.-ndon, Sept. JT, 191
John Carson
Wm. Hakbkr, J. C. II WHS.

A. F. CAMPBELL
ADV’ERTISING RATES.
Legal advertising, 10 cent» per line for 1st Insertion and 5 cents per line or each subsequent Insertion
Business cards not exceeding one Inch Inserted at $.>.00 per year.
Local announcement» Inserted at the rate of 8 cents per line for first insertion and 5 cents for subsequent Insertions.
Coui'iierclal advertising by the month or for longer periods inserted at low rates which will he given on application.
Advertisements received without In-«tractions accompanying them will be inserted until forbidden and charged for
accordingly.
Birth, marriage and death notices pub-I she! free of charge. Obituary poetry declined.
Ariiprioi. Ont
Caution to Hunters
\
Itenions found hunting h.- mi:th firearm* <>n the reir half of LofM :t:>. 36 ; all of Lots 37, 38 .ual 3:> in the 3rd range of Thorne .shall l»e dealt with according to law.
FRED W. SCHWARTZ,
•	Oreermount.
i
Rugs for Everybody
PROMPTLY SECURED
Price and selection in Tapestry and Velvet Squares are the pride of onr House Furnishing section. From Small Mats to the Large Seamless Squares there is s wide choice of color and design. While prices are low.
:
TOii
VIS
MARION & MARION, 364 University St.. Montrée
Hunting Forbidden
HOMEMAKERS’ CLUBS.
TIME OF MEETING l
Part it**
JOB PRINTING
Window Shades
Window Shades at 30, 40 and 50 cents each. These shades are 3 ft. wide and 6 ft. long ; mounted on good rollers and complete with brackets. Colors green and cream, in plain or with lace.
Austin - First Tuesday, Murrells - Second Wednesday, Elmside - Second Wednesday, Bristol, - - First Thursday, Starks Corners, Second Thurs. Wyman, •	- First Friday,
Shawville - First Saturday, Yarm • Last Saturday,
of each month.
All kind* of Job Printing neatly and cheaply executed. Orders by mail promptly attended to.
boot* had been carried thirty yard* away.
JOHN A. COWAN.
Publisher
“In other eases,” says Camille Flammarion, the eminent French astronomer, 'lightning has been known to split men in half, almost as with a huge ax. On June 20, 1368, this happened to n miller's assistant at a wind-
We, the undersigned property holder* I ®1,1 ***** Croix. The lightning struck in the township of Bristol hereby forbid h,m antl sPHt bim from kis head down-all puti'-s from hunting, trapping ,,r | ward In two.”—Pearson s Weekly.
trespassing in any manner whatsoever on the several Lots hereinafter mention**! opposite our names. Anyone I At the club I accidentally knocked found so doing after this notice will be| )f? n man’s eyeglasses, which splinter-dealt with as the law directs
are
tShawville, Oct. 4, 1915
Professional Cards.
Trespass Notice
DR. A. H. BEERS
Durable Linoleum -
SURGEON DENTIST Cam I* Bril'* Bay
Eyeglass Insurance.
(Jig.
Doctor of Medicine and Master of Surgery McGill University.
Doctor of Dental Surgery, University of Pennsylvania.
Licentiate of Dental Surgery, Quebec.
The two important features of pattern and quality are the two points which we keep in mind when ordering. So our Linoleums are of splendid thickness and finish, and designs for anywhere in the house.
h1 on failing. The man replied to ray 11, Range 71 tpologies, “Never mind, old chap.
g ! :hey’re Insured." He gets a new pair 7 for nothing and his policy costa him 7 j la. (kl. a year. If It is possible to In-‘t 7 mre against twins and triplets, poor q iota to crops and the loss of one's keys.
7 why not against the smashing of spec-
ft I ;acles and eveglnsses?—London Mirror. I1 *°[e bead of a family, or any mal
« INDIANS AND THK WAR.
7 I ,	land in Manitoba, Saskatchewan or Ai#
k'en- %n hdeacon Re ni «on Tells of be: la. Applicant must appear in
person ;tt the Dominion Lanas Am y c . .	,	.	,	"» Sub-agency for the District Entry
Some interesting stories of the by proxy may be made at any Dominion!
7 I 'lews of the northern Indians in re- Lands Agency (but not sub agency)
7 j sard tr the present war were told to certain conditions. i correspondent of Toe Toronto Globe >y Ven. Archdeacon Renison, D.D.,
*ector of the Church of the Ascen-«ion, Hamilton, Ont., who has just ar-*ived here after a two-months' tour imongst the Indians and Eskimos of riudson and James Bays. Dr. Renl-«on, in charge of Treaty Party No.
) (whose first object was to pay reaty money to the Indians and then
James McNally,
Neil Doherty,
Thomas T. Ib.nl,mi Richard McCaffrey, ‘
Lot
“ F £ 10,	11
9
SYNOPSIS OF CANADIAN NORTHWEST LAND REGULATIONS
u
6
10,
“K* il,
14	m
S. A. MACKAY
M. B. Drummond, Robt. W, Lucas,
t*
*1
“part 5,
it
“ i e,
NOTARY PUBLIC
Shawville,
Pickling: Season
James McCaffrey,	“
James Alexander,	4
?Sam Smiley,	4
4»	44
Rich. A. McCaffrey, “	10,
Thos Walsh,
William McCaffrey, 44 pt. 13 Bristol, October 1, 1915.
H
Que.
18,
Their Views ami Feelings
“ 8 W i 12, “ 8 E j 11,

is now here and we are prepared to supply you with the Finest Vinegars and Pure Spices, without which your pickles cannot be a success.
R. MILLAR, LL.L.
on
*
Duties.—Six months' residence upon an4 cultivation of the land in each of three years. A homesteader may live within nine mile of his homestead on a farm of at least 80 acres, on certain conditions. A habitable house is required except when residence is performed in in the vicinity.
In certain districts a homesteader in good standing may pre-empt a quarter-section alongside hi homestead Price 83.00 per acre
Duties—Six months residence in each
I-	...	.	. ,	northern shores of Hudson Bay), left Pre-emption patent may be obtained as
pality now m force, have a right to vote ' Hudson, on Lac Seul, on June 22, and soon as homestead patent, on certain at an election for a Member of the Leg- j rtsited Osnaburgh, Fort Hope, Eng- conditions.
i .dative Assembly of this Province has hish River, Martin’s Falls, traveling A settler who hasexhausted his home-
ited in my office at the disposition and ?arty took the steamer and went by months in each of three years, cultivate for the information "f ill persons in-1 J Charlton Island and tn# Twin ' So acres and erect a house worth $300.
M	toCocbraoe? Thfwbo.eïr?^
nail, the .Xlminipal Council will pro- lasted two months, and in that time cultivation under certain conditions, feed with the revision and correction Dr. Renlson and his party traveled of said list.	1,600 miles and saw 3,500 Indians.
f liven at Shaw ville this 1st day of 'The attitude of the Indians in re-October, 1913.	card to the war is rather remark-
able," said Dr. Reilson in the course )f the interview
the idea of bayonet charges. One old Indian told me that if they sent him after the Kaiser he would get his Winchester and would creep up to Province of Onelw.,	him in the night the same way he
undesigned Sec.-Treasurer of tile Mum- that there was fighting at Valcartier. cil-nlity of Shawn Ile, m the County of took his birch bark canoe and started Pontiac, that the Collection Roll of the Dtr for the Interior !” wild municipality is now made and com- The Indians gathered in record plete for the current year, 1915. The numbers to meet the treaty party,
«aid Collection Boll is de|*>sited in the and Dr. Renlson, who speaks the Cree office of the undersigned Sec.-Treasurer. &&d Ojibway languages fluently, held All jmrties whose names appear therein ^ council with the Indians, as liable for the ]>aytneiit of anv assess- . I endeavored to talk to them
office, within the twenty days following ln, of patriot,sm among the Indians the date of this notice.	| They deeply appreciate the fairness,
Liven at bhawville tins 4th day of i good faith, and generosity which the October, 1913.	| Canadian Governments have always
shown towards them wide economic depression has affected the fur market and the Indians are, of course, feeling the loss of that source of revenue.
"As one chief pointed out In an
ADVOCATE,
Bryson - - • Que.
Will visit Shaw ville every Saturday
i
PUBLIC NOTICE
Province of Quel)ec,
Municipality of Clarendon.
Public notice is hereby given by E. T
H-Hlgin* the undersigned Secretary-, Inve8tlgate the conditions under Treasurer of the aforesaid municipality »hlch they are „vlng and thelr econ. that th«‘ li-t of |H‘i‘>«>us who «nr*tnlmg to ] )Qiic the \ aluation Roll of the said nmnici
D. R. BARRY, K.C.
C. F. HOGGINS CO.
BARRISTER, ADVOCATE, AC
Office'and Residence
Campbells Bay, Que.
tr Visits Shawrille every Saturday
Just Received I
A carload of Corrugated Iron Roofing
—which will be supplied at about old price
Roofing and Sheeting of all kinds
CEO. C. WRIGHT, K.C.
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, AC
193 Main St. - Hull.
XV. XV. CORY. C. M.G.,
Deputy of the Minister oft he Interio l
N. B.—Unauthorized publication of is advertisement will not be paid for.
Supplied as customers may require
Estimates furnished
PHONE BELL
J. Ernest Caboury, LL. B.
ADVOCATE
BARRISTER & SOLICITOR
CAMPBELLS BAY, QUE.
Furnaces and Bathroom Outfits
Always on hand.
K. T. HODGINS,
»Sec.-Trees
They do not like
FARM FOR SALE.
GEO. E. WAINMAN
SHAWVILLE.
PUBLIC NOTICE
A very desimUe Property', l*?ing XX est Half of L*»t No. 13, on the Sixth
i
XVill be in Fort Coulonge every Wed ncidiiy and Shawvllle every Saturday,
f the Township of Clarendon, containing 100 acre#» more or less, adjoining the con
I am now in a position to handle
and
f the village of ilk. Comfortable dwelling house II out buildings nece.-sary on a farm erected thereon. Two good wells —one convenient to house and one convenient to stock yard. 0<*d orchard. Soil pert clay and part loam. XX ill be sold on easy terms. For further juir-ticulars apply to
H N all
si
GEORGE HYNES
i
Embalmer and Funeral Director
Main Street,Shawville.
PersDnahttention.Open all hours.
at the highest Market Prices.
Call or telephone and I will handle your output
promptly and efficiently.
JOHN O. M< DOWELL,
Box 2!>G Hailey bury, Ont.
‘We found an Intense feel-
AGENTS WANTED
UNDERTAKING
G. A. HOWARD, Dealer
Que.
HAYES A FINDLAY
S. E. HODGINK,
Sec.-Treax
—TO	—
The world-
SHAWVILLE
mcintosh red apple, trees
(opposite J. H. Shaw's.)
Shawville
and other xpeclalties In general Fruit and Ornamental Nursery Stock.
We offer for the season of 1915 and 1916 eloquent speech, the Indian is much I n **plen lid list of hardy varieties suitable more blest than his poor white bro- (forQuebec planting.
Public Notice is hereby given to all ther when money is scarce, for moose proprietors of real estate and resident are running over the swamps of the householders of this Municipality that north country In unprecedented num-__	. -	— —	m m e	^ .	the Collection Roll of School Taxes, as bers, and rabbits and fish are plenti-
Shawville’a ITew Mumc Store. sSMSjtfeeesiSS saMeutXttS
--------------------------------------------------- completed ami that it now i, and will
by iwrtie* intereeted during thirty dey* I C°“ slangs to •ay.” Dr. Renlson re-froin thi* notice, during which time it marked, "owing perhaps to the fact may be amended. Any ratepayer may, that they have not depended on flour
during the said delay, complain of much and pork, but have lived more the	Strayed on	to	my	premises about	15th
roll, which shall be taken into consid- Ilfs of their ancestors, sickness has	°f May	last,	a	yearling	heifer,	black,
cration and homologated, with or with- been much less than in former years. 0w“f my hare the same bv paying ex
sssase ,=% c as=-¦t--ss, m ..............................¦'««ir
. .	, d»y the 16th day of October 191», in la **• Knu“*r °f	'¦ ^nt
Monday, Ootob., „.	" Everything up-to-date In	=5
Muafe, Pianos, Organs and Victrolas. |	...«w<..« w*.
I nr mng Mooday, Oct. 11th ODIYs	—————^—	j taken cognisance thereof, if he so de-I nomad existence, very often bring by report mg at once to the undersigned
ssSshe^s m the LitMt ^kept ,tock- I	i s-he™ *•'	^u* -w
T !.-day. Ort/lzîh. R	^	We Would be pleased to have a call Uy * **»rty cUym, without farther I CoMtobls Debsltrs,
I
PUBLIC NOTICE
All calls will receive prompt personal attention.
Province of Quebec School Municipality of Clarendon
J. V. FINDLAY
W. J HAYES.
Liberal commissions. Exclusive territory. Handsome free outfit. Write for
ic u lare***|^*|*H^**|
U
CANADIAN V PACI FIG
RAILWAY 00.
STONE AND WELLINGTON
FonthU! Nurse: les.) (Established 1837k
TORONTO
ONTARIO.
remain in my possession fok inflection
RALLY E. HORNER
Heifer Astray
Round Trip
Excursion Fares | announces the opening of hie New Music Store
on the Corner, opposite the New Post Office.
A
Thanksgiving Day
HELP PROTECT THE DEER.
Irresponsible
c<*me aware of. Liberal compensation who was a mem- I P*id for convicting evidence. * All cor-
of our party, remarked. If white respondent# strictly private and eonfi-men lived as these northern Indians live and had the sa law, the police of the country would
have to seek new avocations "
As Dominion
Given at Shawville this 13th day of September 1916.
dental
For further particulars apply te aay
Pae. By, Asset.
Can
N • McCUAIC
Prev Ga Bryson, January 1918»
RALLY E. HORNER.
R. J. HEBERT
M. A. MtKINLEY,

Que
###PAGE###6###
,
advantages of Christian precept and creature altogether delightful. Charm -example ever since he was six years ing as she was, however, she would old. But 'tis no use; what’s bred in certainly not grow up beautiful; for, the bone will come out in the flesh.” though so unlike her brother in col-“It strikes me,” the doctor remark- oring and expression, she possessed, ed, “that a good thrashing would have in a modified form, the same obstin-more effect on that urchin than ate mouth and heavy jaw; but her Christian precept and example. He eyes bore no resemblance to Jack’s; wants the nonsense taken out of 11* were deliciously limpid ami blue.
t
Fresh from the Gardens
Mg
dfw$, tooq
of the finest Tea-producing country in
the world.
\

Thv Rev. Mr. Raymond was an iron-“Why, sir,” said Timothy; ^there's grey man, marions an,I cold, with < not a hoy in Porthcarrick that gets as lifeless as his grizzled hair the cane as often as Jack Raymond, held himself erect like a soldier, anyway, since the Captain died."	though without a soldier's ease. There
“Who?"	was about him an antiquated stiffness,
“Captain John, thv Vicar’s young- yet withal a patient dignity, as of one
He was drowned three mindful that he was made in the im-
1


Everybody—	1
young and old —loves the rich, delicious flavor of
He
Z
g

years ago last October, saving life in age of God. His sense of order would rough weather off Longships way by not tolerate useless growth of any Land's Knd. The Vicar has no chil- kind; therefore he was clean-shaven, dr en of his own, so he took in the or- showing thv nakvdness of the worst plains, for they were left ill-provided, thing in his face—a Chinese insen-and he's done his duty by them, as a sitivenesa, at thv corners <>f the mouth.
ig of
B 74
EDWARDSBURG
Crown Brand
Corn Syrup
Sealed Packets Only.
Try it—it's delicious. BLACK GREEN or MIXED.
A little more curve and pointy “There are more children, then?" the lines might have rendered “There's one little girl, sir-—eight face n tine one, impressive if not sym years old; and a sweet little maid she pathetic; hut as it was, he seemed a (iildcroy Was a “Bonny Boy'' of Six I-, no more like this Imp <.f darkness dii ram of virtue drawn in mono-than a plaice is like a pilchard. She chrome takes after the Raymonds."
“And the Vicar is strict with the . boy?"
Timothy
Christian man.'
another, to know very well with whom he makes himself a partner, lest the laugh turn against those who would be laughing, and the royal dignity suffer thereby.”
Gilderoy, for whom his audacious affront to the royal dignity soon made France impossible, returned to Scotland, betook himself to cattle lifting and highway robbery, and was finally betrayed by a confederate and hanged on a gallows so high that his swinging body was likened by those who saw the execution to a kite.
A PICTURESQUE VILLAIN
the
I
Feet Ten Inches.
“Higher than Gilderoy's kite” have all heard the expression, but not many of us know who or what Gilderoy was.
“Gilderoy was a bonny boy,
Had roses tull his shoone,
His stockings were of silken soy, Wi' garters hanging dounc.”
Just what the
It is a daily treat—the perfect sweet children should have oil Bread—costs far less than
(To be continued.)
wc
*
Delicious with Hot Biscuits,
and Batter Cakes. Give# a new delight to Baked Apples, Blanc-Mange and Puddings, k Makes the best Candy you ever tasted. A
butter or preserves
NEARLY $100 A 11KA1) IN BANKS
screwed up his lips.
“Well, sir, there be some gentlemen	JE
on the school board do say he's a Canadians Have $691,801.000 Deposits
Drawing Interest.
3
bit too strict; 'the flogging parson,' they call him, because he's all for
more caning in the schools. But to	.
my mind lie's right, sir; the human	regarded by many high authorities ns
heart is corrupt and desperately	being more perfectly adapted to the
wicked, and how else be 'ee goin' to	conditions it has to meet than any	tion suggests, surely, a gay and harm-
instil the fear of God into a boy?"	other in the world. In nothing is this	less youth in all the bravery of his
“It doesn't seem to have got in-	Bystem more beneficial than in the	knotted garter ribbons and rosetted
Stilled into this one."	encouragement it gives to people	shoes, setting forth to court some
sa • ê i:si£5	f: : ass
a very respectable family, up St. their agencies everywhere throughout often corresponded to the blood and-Ives way; good church people, all of the country, and so closely do thv> thunder dime no\el of to-da> in g ori*
them, and not used to much goings follow development that no commun- Tying worthless criminals out of all HUH	I J(|| I
She's a godly, pious woman, and ity of any importance is left without knowledge. The unpoetized Gilderoy President of the Board of Trade and good to the poor, as a clergyman's banking facilities.	of fact was young, and dressed with the South Wales coal strike. Certain-
wife should be, and she's cared for When the great Klondike rush took gaudy richness; but he was a “bon- ]y Mr. Runciman seems to be a Minis-those two children as if they d been p|acv jn the late nineties the bank ny boy" of six feet ten in his stocking terial Peter Pan. He refuses to grow her own, though they re none of her	mcn wcre on the ground, all ready to	feet, a hulking giant with glittering	| up. “What, that boy! How ridicu-
, vp ShZs tried hU barest to coax	do business, before any but the first	eyes, a shock of black curls, and a	lous!" a distinguished visitor to the
the devil out of the boy, and the Vicar,	prospectors had turned their faces in	scarred cheek. His strength was	House of Commons remarked on be-
he's tried to thrash it out, and you	that direction. Later, in the silver	enormous, and when, after a series of	ing told that the gentleman addrvss-
...	might as well plant potatoes on the	and gold rushes of Cobalt, Gowganda,	brutal robberies and murders, he had	j ing the House was the President of
stood wailing by the roadside,	Runnej stone. He's his mother's own	and Porcupine, the tent to house the	! been overpowered by a posse of sol-	the Board of Trade. There was some
“So this is what vou	call	a good	' wringing her hands at the s|k> 1'	1,1	brat."	branch bank was always one of the	diers, tried and condemned to death,	excuse for the remark, for Mr. Runci-
. road hereabouts, is it?"	said Dr.	roninJ^thr^inud^As TimothyPand "Who was she?"	first to go up in thv camp made at the	it enabled him to break his bonds and	man appears at least ten years
Jenkins.	tbc.	doctor came running back", the	“A scarlet woman, sir- a play act-	site of a new “strike." Likewise in	escape to France.	younger.than his actual age— forty-
lie had	stopped half-way	up	the	farmvr	recovered heart	of	grace and	|ess ffon} London that Captain John	the agricultural West—as soon as a	jje did not venture, in a new coun-	five—and is the most boyish-lobking
hill, to	look	about	him, and	to	let	,ajd nbout	him	with	his	*hip.	After	brought home when he was young	ncw S0CtiOn is to be settled, the bank	t to resumc his crimes of violence,	Minister who has ever had a seat in
gum eues mm#	#
rough granite blocks and tussocks of	TcaniniT <mTof the boys a inside « P,ace of worship. And then were no fewer than 3,000 branch with the great Cardinal Richelieu had ment since 1902. He first entered the
dwarf gorse. Before them it rose fri-kled lanky hobbledhov Vaught	her flaunting skirts and her lewd	banks in Canada. Every one of these	gone in gtate to attend mass at St.	House of Commons, however, as mem-
up sharply, a stony track bordered by hjs fo()t' ngai,1'8t a stone * and fen	ways—it was enough to make the old	branches receives savings of even the	Denis, the King’s eye was caught by a	ber for Oldham in 1899, but was de-
wet ami withered heather tufts; and pawling. The farmer pounced upon f<>,ks tu™ *n t.heir.. gr?.X.es!. S,he'd smallest sums, down to one dollar, towerjng stranger in magnificent at- feated in the following year by Mr. turned, passing out of sight round the	jnstantiv\	| trapas ab®ut .und®r tJle vldTs	and allows interest on the whole bal- tir nd vaucht at the moment the Winston Churchill, then a very active
'mMm wmm mrmm ####
the cliffs a sullen, moaning,	desper-	* J	S fallen T. 1 bv the collar	and a crazy artist fellow from Loadon	some formality. The money is always	pocket lifted his eyes and met those of	either of us.” Now they sit in the
ate sen; that was all.	On	summer	despatched him at a headlong	Painting her portrait—great inaazed	at the depositor’s command, but, in	the king Seizing his one chance,	same Cabinet and can afford to laugh
days the moor might wear a brighter	downhill by a thump between	antic! She was as ugly as sin, too;	his own interest no less than in	Gilderoy smiled and made a slight	over the "battles long ago.”
face among the gold and purple ,ke shoulders. Then he glanced round	you can tell by the boy; but Captain	that of the bank, he is offered induce-	gj , to the king to keep silence.	It was not long after he entered
iggEi ggirl Elit! IlEp H§1É l!iif§!
everything seemed to him chill and	%Jht one at any rate" d°K returned to his vomit, and the savings is entrusted to their care. a purge Gf gold about him, as not hav- Education. His business gaining has
bleak and desolate.	! said [)r jvrVkins. “No, don't hit him/' aow to her wallowing in the mire.' The funds that are strictly for savings ing own he degired to borrow a undoubtedly been of the greitl-st val-
The sun dipped, leaving a long red bv added intercepting the farmer's And there 8^c took the cholera, and	purposes and those more or less made	cQ.n	ue	to	him,	and	he	quickly gained	the
trail across the water, a bloody fin- fiat ..A„d all that bad language died like an unrepentant heathen, so	use of for current transactions can-	Richelieu immediately felt for his	reputation	of	being	a man with a keen
sstiL1	...t.».^».	2%.
A pony-cart laden with apples jog- devil,” said Dr. Jenkins to his pris- er rupt ed a s a si arp turn o the population of ( ana da has not nearly t the al pocket on his way out of
««Mu s?-
walked side by side; but for the dif- name?"	between two great Clifts.	than three-fold. According to	temnorary chronicler, "as indeed His
solid evenness of tread. In the cart, "And own son to Beelzebub," the —the Vicar’s trustee for it; and that aRe °r	..J1™	* *7V	’ plain, if the move behooves the king
among the apples, sat an old woman,	farmer muttered from between	the	big one higher up is Heath Brow,	woman and enua	in tne country.	who jests to do so of his own wit	and
half asleep.	wheels.	where the Squire lives."	The	existence	of these	saving, is deyi	if	he	ghare	hig	jest with
The swarthy imp grinned at thel And the old house by the church, proof that there is a strong element	—-
compliment, showing his white teeth, all ^ycr ivy?"	of thrift in the Canadian people. The
“Nephew . . . to the Vicar!" Dr. “That s the Vicarage. .	fact that so many people have taken
Williams is stopping on, though he’s Jenkins repeated incredulously. *	*	*	*	*	*	advantage of the facilities afforded
past much work. Are you rested “Here, stand up, boy; don't wriggle .The next morning, when Dr. Jen-	by the bartered banks to place their
bruiA tS5’jss M ,hi”k - p'«;m îssjra.ts.t'as
(.id fellow’s cart. Look, he's making He left off kicking, however, and said the landlady. He seemed in a signs to us. What is it?"	stood up straight. His ugliness	was	^reat taking, I suppose its that
The farmer was gesticulating	fran-	of an unfamiliar, barbaric type;	but	devils limi> Ja.k again, the> do say
tically with his whip, and trying to there was nothing degenerate about it, he scared poor (dd Mrs. Richard! faM| ^	_ ¦	¦ ¦
shout louder than the angry wind. notwithstanding the heavy jaw; his to death on the diff road yesterday, Forms of it Occur in Greek and “Police!" he yelled in a despairing head, indeed, was finely shaped, and smashed,the <*art and lamed the pony	Roman Authors.
**$. 2’ssvs'w; ,. „ . . „.
gasped the old woman, folding her	len, morose expression. The singu-	not quite so bad as that. .Iwas there	writes J. A. S. W ilson in the Sai
hands. “It's the gang."	lar breadth between them, and the	n]yse.,r; 7**a8 farmer been com-	Review, Confucius enunciated
A big, muscular, black-haired boy, black line of the brows meeting above, plaining .	Golden Rule “Do not unto others what
with a skin tanned almost to coffee- gave to the face a look of strength “Yes, sir; they say the Vicar had a would not they should do unto color, and a face which struck the and concentration more appropriate to long hill to pay him this morning; he „	(^inege gage’s maxim is
of minor demons followed at his heels, Boys’ Gang, are you " said the doc- “Oh, that’s absurd. I’ll go round hstc(u}»	nelfJl.bor th(.,u sh.alt
brandishing sticks and yelling furi-	tor. “And what's your special line,	to the Vicar after dinner and tell him	not do (Tobit iv., 16), and	other
ou sly. The gang descended with such	if one may ask? Stealing poor men’s	the truth of the story myself.”	forms of it occur in Greek and Roman
suddenness, that before the farmer goods and frightening old women out As he entered the Vicarage garden authors.
could defend himself the pony was of their senses, eh?"	a sound of light feet running came	the Golden Rule of our Lord as
unhooked from the shafts and the old “Yes,” said Jack, looking straight from behind the fuchsia hedge. Be jven in Gospel according to St.
at him: “and stinging when we get a fore he had time to draw back, a small	19	*«t.11
te"1- “•*h--' ” —issrs.'-ssr.tis
should do to you, do ye . even so to them." The latter rule is “positive," the other is “negative”; and, as the Right Rev. Charles Gore points out in his practical exposition of “The Sermon on the Mount," “One great superiority of our Lord over other teachers lies in the positive character of His teachings. His will is not simply that men should abstain from wrong doing, but rather that they should be occupied in right-doing."
The banking system of Canada is
LILY WHITE” is n pure white Corn Syrup, not ns pronounced
) our Cf a r has hath Brands%
The old Scotch balludist's descrip-
m flax or as “Crown Brand”,
jo and 20 pound tins.—or can easily get them Jor you
MINISTERIAL VETER VAN
m 2% J,
The Canada Starch Co. Limited, Montreal
Little Given the Youthful-Looking Hon. Mr. Runciman.
“Runciman’s great disadvantage is that he never looks old enough for the job,” a Labor leader in England remarked recently when discussing the

The Vicar’s Nephew ;
on
or The Orphan's Vindication
li
CHAPTER I
woman
that
Her Fate.
“Hullo, Sinks, how are you getting on?" "Oh, I’ve just got married." “That’s good.” “No, it’s not. She’s a regular Tartar." “That’s bad.” “No, it’s not. She’s got plenty of money." “That’s good.” “No, it’s not. She’s awfully mean.” “That’s bad.” “No, it’s not, because she has to keep me, anyway."
not. I’m half starved." “That’s rot-! ton."
“That’s good." “No, it’s
“This is the new doctor for Forth carrick,” said Timothy have two doctors now, for old Dr
“We shall
Its so Handy'
>

gar**
THE GOLDEN RULE.
-

*
- meir sui- Come, come," said the doctor, “it’s Five hundred years before Christ, The singu- not Quite so bad as that. .1 was there writes J. A. S. Wilson in the Saturday
the
%
1
Compare the paper bag that tears and spills with the tidy, convenient
V*.
l
I
Dr. Jenkins, forgetting the season, long rush against his legs, then start-instinctively put his hand up to his ed away, tossing back a tawny mane, face. Immediately he received a vio- “Oh, I’m so sorry! Did I hurt you, lent blow, delivered with admirable sir?” precision; and by the time he realised that a trick had been played on him,
Jack was racing downhill neck speed.
The doctor leaned against a ruck my toes? I was afraid it was I that
Ray
.v
Sugar Cartons
The doctor looked down in surprise, wondering if this pretty child could really be Jack Raymond’s sister. “Hurt me? What, by treading on
Him

ÏÊÆ
Wly
at break
REDPATH - Canada’s favorite
for
had hurt you. Are mond’s little niece?”
“I’m Mollv. Did vou want to
urn !,	|
She led him into the house; he, meanwhile, unsuccessfully ,¦¦¦¦ draw her into come n. fond of children; and Molly, wholesome throughout, shy yet not awkward, freckled and tanned with sun and wind, appeared to him a
and laughed till the tears ran out of his eyes. It was impossible to feel angry, the thing had been so neatly done.
“What • little devil!” he gasped, as soon as he could speak. “Oh, what an outlandish little devil!”
“And that boy,” said Timothy, as they walked on again after the cart i righted, “ha# been brought godly bouse and has had the
PRESIDENT
SUSPENDER
10, 20, 50 and 100 lb. Cloth Bags.
Let	Sweeten it * *
CANADA SUGAR REFINING CO, LIMITED, MONTREAL
1
ng to
Kangaroos, of which there are tfhr-iix species, can
murh as twenty feet. The male
it
•times leap
NONE - SO ¦ EASY
n and


kangaroo stands from six to seven
feet high.
up in s
###PAGE###7###
AN OPEN LETTER HEROES OF THE
COAST PATROL
r
| man soldiers have had to set to work to bury them.
The shrapnel that the enemy is usinjç is filled with the most extraordinary collection of scraps of everything likely to hurt. Nuts, bolts, scraps of iron, even marbles and chips of flint are common.
f
If Your Food Ferments or Disagrees
Just Read This!
A FREE "TREAT” FOR YOUR CANARY
From a Well Known Methodist Clergyman of Interest to . All Who Are Sick.

GALLANT WORK IS SILENTLY
ACCOMPLISHED.
R
a
One of the best known ministers in the Hamilton Conference is the Rev.
Chas. E. Stafford, of Elora, Ont., who
w"u™r;K|TW """ «' «.............. »-'¦ " ¦
Pills. Mr. Stafford writes as follows:
"Some years ago I was severely afflicted for a period of nearly four months. The leading physician in the
Thousands of broken-down, des- ^ ,	..	,
pondent dyspeptics have recently No fewcr than 19,b48 boys who been given back their health. A month have received their training in lie ago these despairing folks would have formatory and Industrial Schools in scorned the suggestion that anything Great Britain have served during the could help them. Their terrible con- war in the naval, or military forces, dition was chronic, and appeared be- Three of them have won the Victoria yond the reach of medicine. These Cross.
srtiiTAss;: rHiSvSE	rsrHiSfZZ'Z
ncivous prostration, brought on by ( lH** ''lue eyes, and clad in rather I a free eeippi# BnxVe Bird	I And proven medicine, one specially only two men, who are natives of
over work and which superinduced routh attire, presented himself at the I ^^%0Tnnmy	wtM I adopted to their Particular ailment, that country. It is an explosive of
intercostal neuralgia and muscular Admiralty and asked to see the offi-	B 6D Pr.r.ci, st. Toronto! ya# j| I	A11 those splendid cures were effect-	particularly destructive power against	¦	—^	.
rheumatism, from which I suffered Clul who was in control of the patrol	L [	ed by Dr. Hamilton's Pills which be-	forts and earthwork.	1	A	1
s/SBSBE	eISSCSI	I YEAST
to han< < me like an infant, raising t rnnu nt offices in war time, but there	are captained by retired admirals,	Dills and note the prompt improve-	gets plenty of fruit and macaroni and	I
me up and laying me down with the was something about? this particular	captains too old for service in the	m.ent- Pain before or after eating	other Italian dishes he loves so well.	1	f ^
greatest care, so intense were my suf- caller-something that suggested his	Fleet, or by retired master mariners	disappear. You'll no longer have	Cigars	are	regularly	served out to 1	%
fi rings. Acting on the advice of my inflexible resolution to see the official	or masters in the Merchant Service.	* nauseous, gassy, bad tasting sen-	him, and	often	also wine,
doctor, and taking his medicine, I did he had asked for and discuss "real	All are splendid seamen, as ready to	You 11 get a real vigorous
not seem to improve. One afternoon, business"-that gaihed him admission	face danger and death in defence of	? ?,?!n f xln ÆE? . wïat, ,y°V eatJ
¦ÉBKSWHI
giving me relief and after I had	Sentinel* of the Sea.	There are patrol men who have been	- under high pressure. By simply turn-
iSWig #### lippE SSSIl
.„„h « «.	b..„
formed such splendid work round our *av? ,been «"""ployed a* despatch coasta-work full of risk and hazard boats, to carry despatches to and/rom
-since September last.	°ur war*l?,.p8-. and d,fferent naval
The patrol boats may be described	,™ls 18	afte,r ,the ^
as Naval sentinels. They are con- I heart °J ‘b® ”en ,n the patrol service.
¦	¦	Speed is the essential qualification
of a boat employed on this service,
and a high courage, great daring, and
VA
TOROLCK

If you wish your pet to h**P healthy Insist on Brock's Bird Seed. Brock's Is best, and the "Treat'* In every package Is a bird Ionic that hasps Dick bright and healthy.
\
F
Hi'v/NAIi’o
“'/“J e
Large Measure Depends Upon
Them.
m
His

The se
RECOMMENDED BY GOOD GROCERS FOR. OVER. 40 YEARS
w>
The Kaiser has conferred various orders and distinctions, from that of
HrWHITES
m
a
9

Germany
^iimcawNYii
IÈ2ONT0, CAN^Stfl
MADE IN CANADA
E.W.GILLETT CO. LTD.
TORONTO . ONT.
Winnipeg
MONTREAL
They Were Even
Maud — I'm through with Painless *jaurai y°ur father keeps a
shop.
Sore
Corns
Go!
Absolutely
you,
pawn-
No cutting, no plasters or pads to press the sore
Putnam's Extractor of it makes the corn go without pain. Takes out the sting over-night. Never falls —leaves no scar Get a 25c. bottle of Putnam’s Corn Extractor to-day.
Laura—And Pm through with you, spot. Maud; Î saw your father coming out
for more than two years I have been supplying a charge which necessitates a drive of twenty miles every Sabbath. To-day I am strong and hearty, without an ache or pain, and for my present physical condition I .
am indebted to Dr. Williams' Pink 9tanl,y watching the seas round our Pills, and can most heartily recom- coa8t*’ and 4t » no exaggeration to m,„„ _ »UH *¦«*"	.
pend*. The patrol boats are not uta commander. There may T>e, say,
(.„n keen v!u «Hip f/.r *	,! navigators, and when the history of that hundred miles—the distance may
“Don’t dn if V » week longer, the war comes to be written it will be be longer or shorter, of course—may “thp nrpminm	Solomon; found that among the officers and be but four hours. From the start it
ft P(	co™ea ( ue ***• day men who served on the patrol boats is a case of driving ahead at full
er o-morrow.	I wtrf many deserving of the highest speed, possibly in pitch darkness, and
honors of war.	with all lights out
Many of the boats are captained by The discipline on board the patrol their owners, who put their yachts,, boats is as strict as it is on a battle-¦	ship, though its officers and crew may
possibly consist of a dozen friends or ! so who afe working it themselves.
A story was told to the writer recently of a patrol boat which before the war was a private yacht. When it was registered as a patrol boat its owner became its commander, and among the crew were four of his most intimate friends. One of them i was a young fellow who had often sailed with him on pleasure trips, and who was specially keen about serving as one of the crew when the boat went into the patrol service.
"Mind," said the owner to him, "we are not going on a pleasure trip. We shall be on war service, and there will be as strict a discipline on the boat as if she were a warship. I shall be glad to take you on, but you will have to obey orders." And the young fellow promised to do so. The first night at sea the order was given that there must be no lights—an order that was forgotten by the young fellow in question. When he went to turn in at one o'clock for his four hours’ sleep, he switched on the electric light in his cabin whilst he undressed.
Mlnard’s Liniment Cures Dandruff.
Up They Go.
"Mary had a little Iamb,"
The poet long has writ,
Now with the rising cost of meat, She’d better hang on to it!
-------*--------
All Cut-up.
Laundry Proprietor (showing visitor through)—"This is the mangle-room for the clothes."
Visitor (sarcastically)—"Ah, that explains it. Some of the shirts that come back look as if they were sent through a half-dozen times."
FARMS FOR SALE
Don’t 1)0 It
LOOKING FOR A FARM. CON-111 me. I have over two hundred on my list, located In the beat aectlon* of Ontario. All Mizes. II. W. l>awaun, llrfimpton.
I
ll

I
Minard'a Liniment Cures Burns. Etc
L
KOFIT-M AK I NO NEWS AND JOIJ Offices for sale In good Ontario ....	,	. ,lL , .	.	. towns Tin- rm t u ul and Interesting
When charged with being drunk of all businesses. Full Information on
and disorderly, and asked what he M-nllraUcn ^o wn,,m ^l'uhilÿln, tCon,.
had to say for himself, tne prisoner
gazed pensively at the magistrate,
smoothed down a remnant of grey
hair, and said:—“Your honor, 'Man’s
inhumanity to man makes countless ,
thousands mourn. Im not so debas- particular*
Company, Montreal
r
A Bad Lot.
!
!
!
J ANTED, LADIES TO DO PLAIN and light sewing ut home, whole
\\
Even undeserved praise sometimes becomes an incentive to better effort.
National Manufacturing
ed as Swift, as profligate as Byron, as dissipated as Poe, as debauched
a»-----" "That will do!" thundered
the magistrate. "Ten days! And of- f,
FREE
This handsome Fur Style Book coo lie "t .l J4 ***** °*	of
FURS and
FUR GARMENTS
FOR THE ASKING
No. 9093.
style features. The illustration herewith, Pattern No. 9093, is a smart frock for ladies with two possibilities.
It may be either made as illustrated, or with short sleeves, with or without the applied trimming-bands, belt and panel in back. The Eton coat is attractively finished by a turn over collar. The threa-piece skirt may be made with or without the hip yoke.
Pattern cuts in sizes 34 tov48 inches bust measure, requiring in
5% yards 36-inch material.	j valuable horse by
Patterns, 16 cents each, can be ARrrg LINIMENT obtained at your local Ladies Home Journal dealer, or from the Home Pattern Company, 183-A George St.,
Toronto, Ontario.
MISCELLANEOUS
1ANCEK. TUMORS, LUMPS. ETC. Internal and external, cured with-
ficer, take a list of these names an,I ^‘^.‘VuiT'ur' MmS.'n M
Limited, Colling wood. Ont

run them in. They’re evidently as bad a lot as he is!"
Co
Wh-te
Wyar dattes
Winners best shows. Cockerels $3, $5, $10 each. Catalog free.
MARSHALL & MARSHALL Niagara Falls, Canada.
Niagradot
w«Sft savsurrssp
affording you an opnort unity to take advantage of our policy of wiling fun
Free Trapper to Wearer.

Minard’s Liniment Co., Limited. Gents,—A customer of ours cured ; a very bad case of distemper in a
the use of MIN-

size 36
We
buy our Raw Fur» direct from Trapper and manufacture them ou reel vet. therefore, we can save you the manv profits that usually go to
the
\
GET THE BEET_
LLIOTT

\
Yours truly,
VILANDIE FRERES
ro
WE GUARANTEE
YOU Oft ftlFUND
"T0UtoK
Writ# to-day for this beautiful Style look. It will show you how to save F dollars
MONEY"
Toronto
Tonga and Charles Mis
la noted throughout Canada for Bret-clsis buslnen* education. Write to-day for CoUeg.
NOTES OF THE BIG WAR
d time to enter,
le a g
Sight
SSJLTBfcT'iSrt:
prie* JM tf Zeâsmtod.
Has One Advantage
Bad
Electrified Wires Kill Animal
Boys Make Good.
"My dwelling is bounded on the
„	,	, . A V1 north by a gasworks, on the south by
The number of special constables an indiarubber works, on the west in the London Metropolitan area is by a vinegar factory, and on the east
32,617.	by a glue-boiling establishment." "A
The tpeed limit for motor-cars at nice neighborhood, I must say!" the front is twenty-five miles an hour, <«qu^6 g0. but it has one advantage. I and it is one of the duties of the mill- can aiwayg tell which way the wind tary police to see that the speed is blows without looking at the weather-not exceeded.	i cocyt m
Rheims holds the record of being the most heavily bombarded town in France, having been bombarded on 288 occasions.
"Two men with a machine-gun," a
QUN8. Wt emrtp HI Wotk #
#
é
sæ**
Limited
Dismissed!
Two minutes later he was summon* I ed to the presence of his friend, the commander of the boat The young fellow stood between two of the crew at a table at which the commander was seated in his cabin.
"You have disobeyed orders," said the commander, "and I have sent for you to tell you that I shall land you to-morrow at
bound for, and that I shall not have you on board this boat again.
The "commander" kept his word, and discharged his friend the next day. But the latter bore him no ill-wilj; he recognized the fact that he had committed a grave violation of discipline that on a battleship would have entailed severer punishment. The young fellow is now serving his country, not at sea, but as a sergeant in a regiment in which he enlisted directly after his dismissal from the patrol service.
Mail Order Dept. 148, TORONTO, ONTARIO
r!
W
\
Explicit.
Lawyer (to timed young woman)— very distinguished British general has jjave you ever appeared as witness in I said, "can hold up a brigade" (6,000 a BUjt before ? men).	|	___
i A sentry never gives up his rifle to gjFf Qf
anyone—not even to his general, no	Lawyer—Please state to the jury
matter how persistently the latter Jugt *hat suit it was.
may demand it.	Young Woman (with more con
i Cats, dogs, rabbits, and chicken* fl^ence)—It was a nun’s veiling, shir have J>een killed in such numbers by recj (jown the front and trimmed with
the electrified wires protecting the g lavejy blue, and hat to match----
1 Dutch-Belgian frontier that the Ger
, tvhere we are
OR colds in the chest or sore throats ; for rheumatism or stiffness; for sprains and cramps.
Capsicum “Vaseline" brings quick relief.
F
Young Woman (blushing)—Y-yes,
%
course
WE BUY IT
CAPSICUM
Vaseline
Perhaps you have been sending your supply of
Milk to a local factory,—then you do not know the advantages of sending to the Largest and Moat
Up-to-Date Dairy in Canada. LET l S TELL YOU.
WRITE NOW for information and copy of contract.
Give your shipping station and railway.
Judge (rapping violently)—Order in the court!

'I
Always Looked That Way.
• “Yes," said the old mathematician with a gleam in his eye. “I’ve always looked at it that way. Marriage is addition; when the little ones come it’s multiplication; when dissention comes up to cloud the horizon of their happiness it’s division; and when the final parting comes it’s subtraction!" “And how about divorce?" asked the listener. “Oh, that would come under the denomination of fractions!"
VDODDS 'Z
%KIDNEYS
k. PULS
It does all that a mustard plaster will do. Is cleaner, easier to apply, and will not blister the skin.
There are many other “Vaseline"
dies that sh
—Cerboleted "V
antiseptic dressing for ruts, insect
Tactful.
Mr Hardfax—Fve brought you here so we could be alone, so that I can tell you what Fve been dying to speak
Miss Gushington—Tell me. What to it?
Mr. Hardfax—There’s too much 7owder on your face.
-simple home remeld be in every family
of
s
i
B E T E S
s
a
/
"Vaseline," for piles, chilblain»,
hers
f
etc., and
d ivssnTvrts. t
la •ftataal
#*#
1
t
City Dairy Co., Ltd.

h MAfcura< 11 ring t o
»
f¦* ¦¦


get along very nicely, Nora^ I am
not at dimcuiggeeej^^™*
Nora (the nmr
that’s what I thought the minute
CHESEBROUGH MTG CO.
Carrol, of Tacoma, Washington, once drove a motor-car weighing a ton and a half down a wooden stair of 70S steps.
t to suit.
maid)—No. ma’am
J


TORONTO. ONT.
CHABOT A VT . MONTREAL
SPA DINA CRESCENT
i
i
188VE 4#—’IS.
fi&D 7.

###PAGE###8###
A PAIR OF SHOESTRINGS.
Tie Slawville Boot and Sloe Store
The Matter of Length and How to Tig a Bowknot That Will Hold.
A shoestring la “six-fourths'1 long when one does not specify the length
S&fourths of what ." Is likely to be the question put by the layman.	$
When a man buys n new pair of shoes the strings in them are Just long enough. When he buys (be next pair j of shoestrings they arc too long. The ' strings that come with the shoes are four-fourths long, the next pair will j be six-fourths unless the purchaser asks for and can get four-fourths.
! These lengths have to do with men's ; high shoes. There is not the same I trouble In the case of low shoes.
Some shoestrings will wear n long time, but they will become brown. Others will not wear so long, but will retain their original - blackness. The strong strings that turn brown are of linen or very strong cotton. The others are of mixed fibers that hold their color.
Many people prefer the less durable shoestring, not only because It bolds Its color, but because being df a less hard fiber It stays tied better than the other. A few of the millions of shoestring wearers know how to tie a bowknot that won't come untied. The method can be explained without n diagram.	\
. Instead of tucking the bow oncé over before drawing the kuot tight, tuck It twice over. A fiddle string used for a shoestring would not come untied if the knot were made In that way. This knot can be untied In the same way as the other, by pulling at the ends.—Philadelphia Record.
required

1
\
Profit Sharing
and Price Slashing


YOU
(
i
I
, '
.
t
M !i
v
?
i
\


ARE
X
4: \
(
m
INVITED
\

V
INVICTU*
to come into this store whenever you like.
Our stock is open for inspection and we are willing to answer any questions regarding the goods we carry.

From coast to coast v.*e have sent our orders for goods to till your requirements and in making our selection only the most reputable makers were considered. Could we have stronger proof of this than in offering
Invictus Shoes
At Archie Dover’s For 7 days only ; commencing Friday
Oct. 8th, and ending Saturday, Oct. 16th
J hop in and let us show you some new styles of
“ The Best Good Shoe,'
TRAPPED A SEAGULL
J Queer Contest of Strength Between a
Bird and a Bivalve.
At first thought It Is hard to Imagine how a clam could endanger the life of ¦ a bird. That such a strange circumstance is not impossible Is shown by, the following incident:
A settler on one of the small Islands near Vancouver was returning to his home by way of H beach of hard sand! when he • beheld an unusually large flock of seagulls gathered In n compact
Our reason for this Sale is, we want to share up v it h our customers. We bought all	^ê^ad.^Evidently they
our Fall and Winter Goods early last spring at last year’s prices, and instead of raising our were attacking some enemy, over-
Mr. Roland Millar, advocate, 1,„- Notice to Debtors 1 ("ices according as they advance we are doing the very opposite. We are giving you the	and
removed to Campbell- Hay.	A- I have l.m authorised to collect benefit of OUr good judgment 111 buying, and are selling you highest quality goods at prices The settler wu. almost upon the
.	.	. ...	. .	ail«,vomit» owing to i>r. H.T.Lii»piatt, | which cannot be duplicated in Canada today. Everybody knows that woollen goods have fighting birds before they burst apart
moi?H\"vdô c: o. mai iwètv i. .-t	uïtx! adva!ice? î'om f° t" ,i0 p	ha(l we to buy our «00*tls today* we would never attempt	Kpaiudgtbum0Ut to
n.iSnf,lll!?r IK1"1 f. 1 1 V. "T thirty days ami settle up.	tO sell ttt the prices W6 quote below.	ground, and the man saw that a mon-
v .].i:L.s ‘	'	'	1 1	'	K. M. l>.\(iG,	Y-r i il	... vi-	. t	t	...	eter clam held the gull's beak In a vlae-
H0Kllel *	Merchants Rank. v >> e undersell our competitors by buying most of our goods direct from manufacturers. nke grip, it was too heavy for the
drillin'- contribution to war ^bawviiic, <>¦•’• 4th. loir.._________ We manage and conduct our own business. We employ no clerks, thereby saving a large bird to dy away with, and for ail the
Î i!ree nu.Sr ambulant and ^ 1, tsT „	... S1 ^ expense. We sell lor cash only, therefore have no book‘losses, etc.	‘	S2, MLXaX1 X*
«^osubscriitcd am! ,mid within a „„ Sept. ^ ^“Cy'-ring'V.nTainmg Here is a chance to save money ami lots of it. Read over our prices here quoted. p,%pl ,hoSLd%ed1he%
war (I tV/findcr Tiik &0V1TY exaimnatlon ot the prices alone may not convince you, but an examination of both goods ttve. Tbe gun was exhausted from it» oflice. ' *	' and prices will leave no reason for doubt as to the genuineness of the bargains, and the desperate efforts and at first could only
advantage to be gained by trading Here and Now. Come !	"“/water' rÆ^L'^Jr. ÎTaS
away mud soon returned In the van of a cloud of gulls come to Inspect the enemy that had trapped one of tbeir tiribe.—SL Andrews Beacon.
P. E. SMILEY.
Annual Meeting
The .'impie gift that lend* tin* t of friendship without the vmlmi
hligatton > mr photograph
r* ot folders ami mounting* H. ImIson, Artist, Ki
!
All our New Fall and Winter Goods to be sold away below Standard Prices.
The annual meeting of the Radford < 'bees	nd But ter Mfg <
held at Shaw ville, on Friday. Oct. lâth, 11*15, at 1 o’clock p. m. It ix important t hat all shareholdei> he pn sent.
J. M. 11 >IM INS,
Preside
ment of *n n V irions stvl
Ltd., will l

G KO. \\\ K A HI S.
See.-Treas
LOCAL NEWS.
•U
A costly fire occurred nt Pa ken-ham on Sunday night. Sept. 2Ht \\hen the large il<mr mill, a store
housi
SevurvU 1,700 Men
I' u k house, office and tables adjoining the mill, were ' Wm. Windham and G. N. Barnes, enuinletely destroyed. The blaze M.P., who came to Canada last May lies the home of Mr-. Joseph on behalf of the British Government Case reducing it to ashes. About t0 secure skilled mechanics for Brit-4,(100 1)0 he|. of wheat and a large lsh srscnal and naval works, have left amount of flour was also destroy- for England, having completed their »d, as well as the electric light mission.
plant that had lately been installed They have secured altogether 1,710
in the mill. All over heated box skilled iron and steel workers, mostly
in the dynamo room is supposed to riveterB and turners, and all of those
have been the cause of the blaze. bave now left ,or England under
The mill was a new one, the other contrac$ wll-b tbe War OfBce. Every
having been burned a few years man b<‘fore bein* accepted was given a gUe	J a thorough lest as to his experience
and ability to perform the highly skilled work required of ^hem * in Great Britain in connection WTtn tn@ manufacture of war munitions, About 80 per cent, of them )iave had previous training in British munitions or naval works, and all are guaranteed return passage to Canada after the
war is overt
We refund Railroad Fare on purchases of $20.00 or more, from stations east of Campbells Bay, and west of Quyon. Come expecting to save money. You’ll not be disappointed.
rent
Lip Reading Detectives.
In a Vienna school for the deaf and dumb, where lip reading is taught, a course has been established for tbe special purpose of teaching tbe art to detectives. The possibilities of lip reading. says the author of the account In the Volta Review, have been exaggerated. But they are sufficient to cause authorities to think the Instruction of detectives worth while. When a detective becomes proficient he Is able to learn something of tbe conversation between people who are visible, but oat of earshot Tbe article says that at from 5Q to 100 feet It Is possible for an expert to get the general run of a conversation. Some reading has been done with glasses at a distance of 125 feet, Instruction and practice In tbe art must l>e very thorough if tbe detective is to use It to real advantage in hi# work.
Remember the dates October 8th to 16th.
K opr
s. r
Men's Quality Tweed Suits
. •
$9.75 10.50 12.00
14.00
10.00
17.00 17 50
20.00 18.00 20.00
5.85
0.00
7.75
i
II
II
“ Fine Suits....................
Hcwfion Tweed Suits...............
Fine Fall and Winter Suits........
“ Navy Blue Serge Suits (a snap)
».
Fine Suits........................
M	M
Youths' Fine Suits, Navy Blue Serge
Tweed............
..
200 Boys’ Suits, Double Breasted and Norfolk, Bloomer
Pant*, aizes 22 to 80. from $1.50 to $0.75...
Here are some snaps in Men's Overcoats—10 of one lot
2 shades, sizes 80 to 44...................2 .
Men’s Heavy Tweed Overcoats, all sizes..............
. .	4 *
10.85
11.95
12.95
18.95
Presentation
10.50
13.05
Tlu* Clarendon Mutual Literary So assembled at the home of Mr
14.95
ciety ¦	¦___' M
Harold Cuthbertsnn oii Jtnday evening.
October 1, having in view the pleasant |a>k of a presentation, thereby combining literature 4ml *ocirtl Intercourse On learning of the departure from their midst of Miss Matilda, to join the matrimonial list, desiring to show their esteem for her, took the opportunity of presenting her with a handsome rocker. After transacting their usual routine of business, and tilling in the interval with music, they conducted the young lady mentioned to her seat of honor when the presentation was made by Miss Ada Brown, w hile the address which follows Was read by Miss Mary Lewis ;
Dear V hi end,—in appreciation of
your services ns organist for our Mutual Literary Society for some time j*ast ; also for your cheerful readiness to assist when requested to take an active part in our enterprises, we, as mends rs of the above mentioned Society, on learning of the approaching event, in the all ini|sirtrtnt era of your life, namely, your launching out on the sea of matrimony, do earnestly implore you to accept this chair as a slight token of our esteem of long standing for you, desiring likewise to offer our congratulations to your better half for his wisdom in the selection of a life )*artiKT, knowing that our loss shall result in his gain, as we are well aware of the fact that your sphere of usefulness shall not soon be forgotten
Praying that your future life may Vs* filled to overflowing with happiness, at the same time inqdoring Heaven s fullest, richest blessing*, namely, health, wealth, and above all else, prosperity, may attend your footstcj»*, through the vicissitude** of life’s journey, we reverse) uew«ll
Signed on la-half of “ The Mutual Literary Hociety
8.85
9.00
9.75
8.85
5.85
II
el
8.00
young folk indulged in playing some games, greatly to their own amusement, ne young man furnishing music on the accordéon, etc., thereby adding to their entertainment.
The meeting was then broght to a close as usual by the president, after which all dispersed with many good wishes for the bride • future happiness.
VoM.
6.75
8.45
10.50
10.00 11.00
<
12.00
14.00
11.25
12.25 9.75
28.75
5.65
15.00
•t
tt
M
»«
Transforming Clothesline Poets.
A suburban resident grew tired of the wooden clothesline posts In his back yard. He Incased them In chicken wire netting and planted sprouts of honeysuckle oround the posts. He then nailed a little bird house to the top of each. In a short time the honeysuckle had completely covered the unsightly posts and a pair of bluebirds built ft nest In one of the houses. Many of this man's neighbors took up the Ides, and honeysuckle vines and bird houses dow make tbe clothesline posts of bis locality a pride to their owners.—Hons# and Harden.
16.00
<4
44
I#
It
15.00
Pur Lined Conta, Persian Isttnb Collars.... .
Marmot Lined Coats, Marmot Collars..........
Sheep Lined Coats, Corduroy and Duck Tops .. Sweaters and Sweater Coats, from $1.00 to $5^00
Mackinaw Coats ( Birds)...................
Haiti Coats, less 25 p. c. off reg. price. 10 only.. Heavy and Fine Cloth Pants, from $1.10 to $2.85
Diamond Check. Tweed Pants, all sizes.......
Mackinaw Short Pants (Birds).............. •
Hoys’ Overcoats, Pea Jackets, Children's Coats, Girls Coats, Misses Coats, etc., all at 25 p. c. off reg.
low prices................ .................
Men’s Long fop Moccasins, sizes 9, 1° and 11 only..
Corduroy Velvet (all colors) 28 inches wide........
Peerless Brand Overalls and Smocks.................
M	•*	••	..........
1 Lot Overalls, blue stripe, aise* 42 and 44 ...•
Men’s Woollen Underwear (this is a snap) suit
«I
35.ÛO
«I
7.00
44
44
4.25
5.50
6.00
44
3.49
The School Fair Entries
1.06
2.75
3.50
The following information relative to the entries at the recent School Fair held here, and also giving the names of the respective judges, has l«en received
last issue. Next week we
2.79
5.50
4.45
since our
hojie to give a list of the leading prize
42
50
1.25
1.00
winners :—
Grain:	Oats, No. of entries, 78
Wheat,
Barley,	“	41
Com,	“	14
Judge —R. Siinimerby, B S. A
Vegetables : Potatoes entries 17ft
Turnips, ** Tomatoes, “
Display of Vegetables and Fruit t 16
M. B. Davis B. K. A.
79
LOO
50
85
Her Other Half.
Society Dome—Ob, doctor, I'm so sorely troubled with ennuL Doctor— H ml Why don't you Interest yourself In finding out how tbe other half lives? Society Dame-Gracious! Why, I'm not looking for a divorce.—Chicago News.
80
1.25
1.75
20
1.50
2.00
4#
44
44
100
1.00
2.50
44
14
80
1.00
Fleece Lined Underwear (Penman*) Work Shirt* at 39, 03, 89 cents etc.. Cap* and Hat* at reduced price*....
4»
II
40
•i
\o
All Ladies’ Suits, Goats, Fur Goats, Furs, Underwear, Hosiery, Blank
ets, Corsets, Dry Goods, Sweaters, Raincoats, etc , etc
all at reduced prices.
Judge
Time Something Started.
"Have yon noticed the clock T4 be asked at tbe hour of midnight "Yes, I have/ she replied, with a*
Watch for Posters for full particulars and prices.) -n bn*n-t been going for three hours.*
_______ ______________________________I -Neither have you.H—Yonkers States»
All sales for Cash only.
• I
Flower* :	No. of entries
Judge* — M Ann strong.
Poultry : No. of entries . . Judge—A. G. Taylor, B. H. A
Live Stock : Colt*, No. entri
<
V <• Taylor. B. 8. A.
N f
Mr. H
K)
Jennie and S. J
11
m#p.
No goods exchanged after Sale.
J'l'l.
\\ H I -
Judge
Deserved Tribute.
-Ton see, we Imre done every thing possible to preeerve Plymouth Rock/* -And 1 don’t blame ye. New England owes o heap to that breed of ben.* • I—Kansas City Journal.
15
M A
N
27
a h-1
N
MW ZoHi So. of r
I
After the presentation cann taking of supper, which all i
the fullest. Later
?
th»* par
127
1 t
CooKIN
Judge -Mi** F. Campbell
i
the
i
eigi 7

