###PAGE###1###
O
¦
*1.00 A YEAIi IN ADVANCE
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE., THURSDAY, OCT. 14, 1015
No. 17, 3Sud Year
rd
THE HARDWARE STORE
The Bank of Ottawa
Tf)e Merchants Banl^ of Canada
ESTABLISHED 1874
EfeiablUhed 1864
OFFICERS :
Sir H. Mon
. .. K. W. Bla< kvvell
..	.. E. F. IlLliDEN
Ottawa, Canada.
•	$ 4,000,000
.	4,978,209
#	60.000,000
Head Office : -
Capital Paid Up •
Rest and Undivided Profits Total Assets over •
GET READY
PRESIDENT .. . VICE-PRESIDENT GEN. MANAGER
Allan
I
Paid up Capital.....................
Reserve Fund and Undivided Profits Total Assets........................
209 Branches and Agencies In Canada-
A SAVINGS BANK ACCOUNT
Of One Dollar and upwards draws Interest nt best current rates
Branches at Shawville and Quyon.
Acting1 Manager, Shawville Acting Manager, Quyon.
*7,000,000
7,245,140
86.100,400
We have had a few reminders of the approaching cold weather ; there in always considerable fixing up to do at this season, and right now is the time to do it. You will need some of the following lines:
Glass, Putty, Nails,
Paint, Stovepipe Varnish,
Locks, Latches, Hinges,
Door Hangers, Hasps, Staples, Cow Chains, Stall Fixtures Axes, Handles and Saws, Weather Strips for doors and windows.
Storm Sash Hangers and Buttons
Our stock in above lines is very complete of best quality fair prices
When you want Hardware come to our store.
:
Board of Director» t

HON. (JEORGE BRYSON,
President
SIR HENRY N. BATE, ¦ RUSSELL BLACKBURN SIR HENRY K. EGAN,
JOHN B. FRASER
Vice-President
DAVID MACLAREN,
DENIS MURPHY,
HON. SIR GEORGE H. FBRLEY
B. C. WHITNEY
GEORGE BURN, General Manager.
D. M. PINNIE, Asst-General Manager W. DÜTHIE, Chief Inspector.
W. F. DRUM A. A
Fort Coulonge Branch • B. F. CHILTON, Manager. Campbells Bay Branch • R. LEGER, Manager. Portage da Fort Branch - A. H. MULHERN, Manager
HENRY’S
£‘Business as Usual”
weekly meeting
Paul's Guild, held at tlie home of
Mrs. j. l. Shaw, on Wednesday I has made the attendance at the
afternoon last, the members took1	1	1
advantage of the opportunity to present Mrs. Seaman, their president, with an address and a purse, in view of lier contemplated departure from the parish in the
ssVMr, ssl'-1? " n; TZ n,r ""
substantial evidence of the gixxl	bmrs an,I prepme
will and friendship of those among for 116 Wâveof prosperity that is bound whom she has labored during her ,0 *we<*P over ,hc ('rc*ftt Country when residence at the rectory.	|t,ic w*r ^ over?
Write for Free Catalogue
of St
At the
Mr. Cliff Cuthhertson, of Ottawa, was a guest at Mr. J. II. Shaw’s on Monday.
Miss* Myrtle Masson, spent Sunday and Monday at her home in Smith’s Falls.
Miss My Id reel Prcndergast spent Thanksgiving Day with Quyon friends.
Mr. A. E. Possolwhite, who for some months past has been filling a position at the Experimental Farm, Ottawa, spent Sunday and Monday in town with his family. Mr. P expresses himself as pleaded with hia job at the Farm, and is getting along well

COWLING
Ottawa, Ont
Since January. 1013. more than 385 students hive come to us from other local business eollt-ges.
Our Civil Service record of FIRST. SECOND, and FOURTH places for all Canada has never been equaled.
Do not these facts indicate undoubted superority f
Our instruction being individual, you nmy l*giw at anytime.
OTTAWA, ONT
J. H. SHAW.
i
%
e %—
Hfi
LJ
1). E. HENRY, President. Cor. Bank and Sparks Sts
II. G. W. Br a mi wait Piln,
W. K. G O W LINO Prin.
Married
W. A. HODGINS
A matrimonial event in whieh much local interest was centered, occurred on Wednesday evening, the 6th instant, when Mr. Harold A. Hod gins, and Miss Jessie E., eldest daughter of Mr. and Mrs. ........
Lewis Hodgins of this section were visiting triends in town this week.
united at the Methodist Church in Rev. Mr. McCall tun returned last presence of what might he truly week from his Nova Scotia trip, classed ns a cu|«uity congregation. Mr*. John Macdonald of Iten-
mdndiug about sixty invited frew, has been visiting friends in guests, who, after the interesting | town, ordeal had been gone through with, drove out to the parental home of the bride and partieli>ftted in the wedding festivities.
The sacred edivice was profusely decorated for the occasion and looked very attractive. The ceie-mony was performed by the pastor, Rev. Mr. Tripp. The, , .	,	,, ,, v
v i«»• ire comrrecation attended	was unattended except by gaged in the She 1 factory at Hen-
S.!1 “iv’àte.'ii J!z5:,,vmg	an
I ssmentisst&ss-.......
eight candidates were confirmed. Tlie instrumental features of the }) ednesday to visit his mother,
.	.	, function were efficiently rendered Mrs. Jns H<kIgnis, whose health of I FOR SALE-1 Clyde Gelding 2 years
phe concert, held in the lecture U	\\r. A. Hodgins. While late has been such as to cause her oM ;;11 Filly 1 year old, and 1 Foal (Filly.)
ÜiilfSI ssssras'- Ns :r z zb-Sh ese-;
of more than or lu ai y	picture hat, with pink satin facing. Sunday last.	^uollm Starks Corners, or P. 0. address
, Her corsage bouquet was of cream	_	' hhav%u,,e- R- R *No -
Should ice, roses and orchids.
Make your kodak story autographic. Date and title every negative at time of ex insure. Autographic kodaks from 87.00 up. H. Imison, King St.
t3F* A Sale of Children’s and Girls’ Hats will be put on by Miss M. Premier-gast, on Saturday and Monday, Oct. 16 and 18. These goods will l>e offered at greatly reduced prices. All trimmed ladies’ hats at 10 p. c. off selling price.
¦ If	BUSINESS	¦¦
W ILLIS GOLLEG F
] WW CIVIL SERVICE ¦
The School of Efficiency for tho-e who demand the best Catalogue on request.
N. I. HARRISON, Principal.
Cor. Bank and Albert Sts.
OTTAWA, ONT.
Personal
Mrs. T. W. Wilson, Ott iwn
SHAWVILLE
Cold
Mr. and Mrs. Frank Jones, of Ottawa, arrived in town Saturday.
Several of the old friends of the deceased,
Norway Bay, on morning Inst to attend the funeral of the late William Lothian, which took place immediately after the ai rival of the 11 o’clock boat from Sand Point.
personal drove to Wednesday
Weather
Goods
Mr. and Mrs. Shade). Misa L
Mr. Ii. Hazel toil, who is now en- 87 Turner St., Ottawa. Ont.
uare y re
This week we talk about Fall Goods, the kind you require
for present use -:-
15c. to 40c. yd 30c. to 40c. 35c. to 40c.
Grey Flannels
Navy Flannels
Kersey Flannels
Heavy Tweed
White Blankets
Flannelette Blankets, small
Flannelette Blankets, large
Our town boys-Cliff Woodley John Landry, Mel.
Alex Ledinghaiu and Carle ton On retiring from the altar the Wainman, who enlisted with the happy young couple ran the gaunt-
77th at Ottawa a few weeks ago, jet of numerous congratulations,,	.	,	,	. .
arrived home Saturday evening to an(js A8 a matter of course, when prised as well as shocked on b riday spend a day or so with their they emerged from the church coming to learn that Mr. Edward friends, all looking well. These they received the customary vigor- Brownlee had suddenly passed boys are among the number of 250 oua bombardment of rice, which away during the night, he having who have	been drafted out	of	the	rained on them from all quarters,	been apparently in his usual state	and pupils
77th,	to	proceed	to	England	Hut they speedily got relief in a	of good health on Thursday, and	price is low
shortly.	flying auto, ancl the guests follow- had gone about, performing hi-
ed in other cars and conveyances, customary duties, without giving _____
Get Your Name on the At the brides home, after re- any evidence of illness or mills-----------------
Voters’	List	freshments had been served, the	position. Some time dining the	and one	daughter,	namely	: —
—	evening was spent in social (that,	evening, it seems, he complained	Joseph, John,	Thomas	K., Richard.
Every young man in the county	with musical selections, etc.	•	pi a pain in his left arm, which	Armen, Alfred David and Robert,
who has reached the age of 21	Finally when the evening’s	en-	later on extended to his shoulder.	The daughter is Mrs. T. L. Brown-
years should inquire of the Sucre- joyment came to a close, the young andI through the night develO|>e<l lee of Port Arthur. All except the tar y of his municipality if he is couple left for their future nome, in hw* left side. Calling for his In tier, and Richard, who resides in entitled to a vote and if he is, he bearing with them the best wishes niece, Miss Alum Brownlee, she the North west, arrived home in should have his name put on this of a large circle of friends.	came, and at his request brought time for the obsequies, which took
mins
during the last three years. If	>	__ had better return to her bed. Not mourning to Bt. Paul’s Church was
any or these boys are away in the	~	long afterwards she detected |ed by brethren of the Masonic
West assisting with the harvest,	October Rod and Gun	heavy breathing, and at once re- fraternity, to which organization
their parents should see to it that	-- turning to her grandfather s room,	the deceased lielonged, six mem-
their names appear on the list.	“The Carnivora as Destroyers	of	found him on the verge of collapse,	hers of the Order being also select-
We have practically universal ser- Game” is the subject of a thought- Realizing the true situation «he ed as pall bearers, vice in the province now and every fill article by Edward T. Martin in hurried across the street to a waken Several beautiful floral offerings man who is entitled to the fran- October issue of Rod and Gun in her unde, Mr. John Brownlee, and —tributes of the family and other cbise, should be in a position to ex- Canada published at Woodstock, when she returned her grand- friends—bedecked the casket, ercise it. Get your name on the	Ont., by W J. Taylor, Limited,	father was just breathing Ins last.	Rev.	Mr.	Seaman	conducted	the
list.	H. C. Haddon contributes a serio-	The late Mr. Brownlee was	service	in	the	church	and	also	the
——---------------- *	comic Western tale entitled “The years of age, and was one of the final impressive ceremonies of the
Macdonald College Demonstrate,,. Des;)crado" w hile among the old, much resected residents of Masonic Order at the grave.
Branch will have for a few weeks Mr.	actual “been there" experiences	Clarendon. Some years ago he
A Taylor, B. S. A., who is in charge of	may be mentioned S|K>rt in the	gave up the <k»ch pa lion of farming.
¦	¦ poultry work for the Col-	Tomogonops : The Hunt for the	and be and the partner of Ins joys
to housing, feeding, MttftinA etc. Northern Alberta, and The First I During this time Mrs Brownlee It 1» hoped that an>one int<rMi 1 in	out, the latter Wing an hc- has been hi delicate health, her
poultry W,J'	nee of Mr. Taylor,	of a day’s shooting of part- condition on several occasions be-
mad the Demonstration Branch can ri|, by „ Bill and Billie" con- coming so critical, as to cause
strongly recommend him as a practical tributed by F. V. Williams who is doubts of her recovery._Under
poultryman. For any further informa 8tso the designer of the October these circumstances the nnexpect lion write or call on the Macdonald cover. The regular detriment* I ed blow which has come upon her College Demonstration Branch, Khaw- areas usual splendidly maintained j falls as a heavy burden, indeed.
and the whole issue is one that Besides his aged and enfeebled J. K. Kino, J will make a strong appeal to sport*- j widow the late Mr. Brownlee i*
Dvm Btr. J men and lovers of outdoor life. 1 survived by a family of eight tons
Deaths
(CONCRETE CULVERTS. PIPES AND
curbings for wells sold at Works Contracts made with Municipalities to manufacture Pipes in their own localities. H. T. Mi Dowell & Son, Shawville, Que.
This community was much sut
75c
$4.00 to 6.00
If you want a picture of the Academy i secure one now while the An 8x10 picture for 50c.
H. Imison.
1.25
1.60
Splendid showing of Staple Goods.
Flannelettes Denims Shirtings Coatings, &c
The
Best values in Ladies’, Misses’, Child’s
UNDERWEAR
Hosiery Knit Gloves Sweaters, See
Renfrew lost a prominent and l>opular citizen last week by the death of Mr. James E. H. Barnett, eldest son of Mr. and Mr-. Alexander Barnett, after an illness of several years duration. The deceased was 45 years of age, and unmarried. He was a successful lumberman, and was associated with several of the industrial enterprises of his native town. He was also an ardent lover of athletivsand was alwaystothe fore in assisting home enterprises of that character. His funeral, very largely attended, took place on Thursday,
all extension
Reliable Goods at right prices.
W. A. HODGINS

###PAGE###2###
I
WHY THE BANKER AND FARMER
SHOULD BUILD UP THE HOME TOWN
SURVIVORS OF HESPERIAN
JUST AFTER THEY LANDED
About the Household
:



TEAM WORK IS NEEDED AMONGST THE BUSINESS MEN
&
water for a little while they become suitable for salad.
1 Do not use scouring powders or soaps on your bathtub; a cloth dipped in kerosene oil or turpentine will remove all soil, when the tub can be polished with a little whiting. Anything gritty, it should be remembered, ruins the enamel of bathtubs.
Save the water in which the fresh green peas have been boiled. It makes an excellent foundation for soup stock or gravies. It is of such a delicate flavor that some people like it served in bouillon cups with salt, pepper and a bit of butter.
A quick way to clean currants when making cakes is to rçut the fruit into a colander with a sprinkling of flour, and rub round a few times with your hand. It is surprising how quickly the stalks are separated and come through the small holes.
Get some bitter apple from the chemist, crush it, and sprinkle it amongst the clothes. You will find it the finest thing on record for keeping moths away from everything and one can use garments at a minute’s notice, as there is no smell left by bit-
Dainty Dishes.

I Finnan Haddie Broiled.—Wash a thick haddie and cover it with cold water. Put flesh aide down for half an hour. Drain and cover again with cold water. Drain and cover with very hot hut not boiling water, and let stand for half an hour. Drain and dry. Rub it well with a cut lemon, dot with butter and broil for twenty minutes. Place hot on dish, dot with butter again and pour over it one cupful of hot cream. Serve at once with baked potatoes.	|
Bread and Potato Fritters.—Light and savory, fritters may be made with breadcrumbs and grated raw potatoes. Grate two thick slices of bread to fine crumbs, mix with one tablespoon finely minced onion, salt and pepper to taste, and add one cup boiling milk. While mixture is cool ing pare and grate six large potatoes and beat them into bread crumb mixture. Add two well-beaten eggs. Drop by spoonfuls into frying pan in which there is plenty of boiling fat and dry brown on both sides. Serve hot. , Potato Chowder.—Parboil and slice
Strong Plea for a Movement to be Inaugurated by Bankers and Business Men for the Bridging of the Gulf Between
the Town People and the Farmer.


k# I
rr,

* «



A S,

K#
œ ' %
(By J. R. Moorehead, in the Banker- n country newspaper in this state,
when he said: “If you spend your money where you get it, you will be able to get it where you spend it.”
%
Farmer.)

w
There are at least twice as many people living in our smaller cities,
towns	as	ur A ft 3fllllllllll	^IB
great cities. The home market of our should be inaugurated by the bankers farming population living about these find business men is that of bridging smaller cities and towns is just twice the gulf which exists between the as great as the city markets. Yet we towrn people and the farmer. It might hear much that would lead one to be- be to the advantage of perhaps one
lieve that all of the people in country to be fed by the producers on try to have this gulf made wider, but
the farm are to be found in the great no more.

H


The second great movement that

ï

fi






*


S3
m
this person in ten thousand in this coun-

/+

the farm are to be found in the great no more. There are many of our centres where the high cost of living farmers, and some living in towns, seems now, more than ever, the one ! who have been educated to believe great thing talked about, and to be that the home merchant is a thief and considered. Yet, the home market of « robber, and that the local banker is the farmer is his largest and best no less guilty of sharp practices than market, right at his door where he the loan shark of our cities. Thous-bring his produce every working amis of them do not day in the year and sell it to the con- home merchants a chance to supply sumer direct, without the intervention j their wants. '"	*’	" TÉ
of any middleman whatsoever, and secure therefor every cent without any profit of commission to any middleman whatsoever.
In these nine states, Wisconsin, They send the money away when Missouri. Iowa, Indiana, Michigan,	they have the cash, and the home mer-
New York, Illinois, Ohio and Pennsyl-	chant is only of use and benefit when
vania, 6,956 towns have lost popula-	the crops fail and when the price is
tion, notwithstanding the fact that the	so low that they hold for a higher,
population of the whole country in-	and in the meantime the merchant lie-
creased in the decade covered, 21 per	comes the bunker, in that he lends his
cent. Out of the 78 county seats in	goods without interest and often bor-
these nine states, 217, or nearly 23	rows the money from you in order to
per cent, of them, have lost popula-	perform this service. Our farmer
tion, though the county seat is in	friends, our neighbors—best friends
many ways the centre of most of the —have become estranged from us, ^	^	^	^	x UUI, W11U ^ ^	^	_____ __	^	vv,..wvb aes wse,
activities of the county unit along the	and the imaginary line between the	ZrèlromQuebeclnd"dTn%t	speak	a	rangement "of The "corridor,"	make	the '	fact	thaï after" the	sandwiehis'made1 blem" of the busy woman, and it con-
line of politics, courts, collection of	country and the town is a barrier to	word	of	English.	Lying dangerously	wards	as	pleasing	to	tne	senses	nnu	n	is	pressed	cioseiy	togetner	ana
taxes and in other directions. Ami,	the prosperity anil the co-operation,	near death in	an	English hospital	with	hygienically	perfect	as	could	be	de-	then	dipped	in a	thin	batter	made	in
4	* an^ to the good of all. In solving this ( nobody near them with whom to con- sired.
problem we will not have to work, verse, they are truly in a deplorable upon	our farmer friends	condition.
our neighbors, most of them are loyal Red Cross have put themselves in tel Le Touquet and overflows into #gh, cheese, meat to us and to their own town, but it is touch with their French Canadian tents






t




I


even give the

can
'

I '
(No wonder the home merchant does not qgrry the stock in size and quality to meet the demands of some of our communities. How

(
'	.v'<

six fine potatoes; fry half a pound of t r .
EEifFEE^Fi	««S
S—SI s
* | and makes a good surface on which to



can he? and why should he?)


snapshot* of a group of Hesperian aurvivorn was taken Just after their landing at Queenstown, "by Sir Stanley Harrington, Trafalgar, Cork, who sent a copy to Mr. John W. Fnt other survivor of the w reck, who. although not In the picture, was an Interested spectator at the time U waa taken.
The above
ce, Toronto,
an-
ti rain the liquor back into the kettle
Sss eu.%3 T rs- "s °,rht i-sat ¦£ sss, c a	i ££ «
It must not be forgotten that a simple arrangements of the electric the potatoes to the kettle and serve, i Ti	'	.	, . ,
great many of our Canadian soldiers lighting, and the very convenient ar-; A novelty sandwich consists in the	°	® 1H one °	0 ( le pro"
RED CROSS PUBLICITY.
--—-1 « - v—• -^>7	-=i ccawsrL t
strange to say, this tendency of the and to the good of all. In solving this nobody near them with whom to con- sired. ' "	the proportion to one beaten egg to a *™p,e’ £ how1 one woman saves time,
decline of the towns is greatest in	problem we will not have to	work	verse, they are truly in a deplorable	In some respects No. 2 Canadian	half cup of milk. If the filling of the	,	8?e	makes.	pie	crust	she	makea
the richest and most thickly settled	upon all of our farmer friends	and	condition.	The ladies of the Quebec	Hospital, which occupies the golf Ho-	sandwich is a savory mixture of egg	double the Quantity	needed	at	the	mo-
part of the states.	our neighbors, most of	them are loyal	Red Cross have	put themselves in	tel Le Touquet and overflows into	Ash, cheese, meat or fowl a pinch	ment: aa pie crust rolIed m a damP
What does this mean to you and to	to us and to their own	town, but it is	touch with their	French Canadian	tents on the links, has greater charm,	cnch 0f pepper and salt should be add-	napk,n and put in the refrigerator
me, and to all of the forty million	our duty to co-operate	to stifle every	compatriots, and	some of the letters	but the site of No. 1 is in the highest	ed to the batter. If, howeverv the	W,U keep Perfectly for several days,
people living in these towns? It	movement working to	augment this	they have received are not far from	degree attractive, owing to its outlook	sandwich has a sweet filling the bat-	Then she plans in thc mcnua for the
means this, a continued loss of busi-	effort to take the trade	of the farmer	pathetic.	over a wild natural stretch of scenery.	ter should he slightly sweetened and	next few daya to uae that cruat* A
ness; it means depreciation in pro- away from his home town. We should “Dear madam,” writes one soldier The hospital, which was organized flavored *ith a teaspoonful of sherry de8sert or a fruit tart *or the first perty values in these towns; it	means	enlist	every influence to join with us.	from a London hospital, “I received	as long ago as September, has gradu-	Co()k the moistened sandwich on a hot!	night’ a meat Pie for dinner the secs depreciation in farm land value, for	There	is a great quartet of interest	your letter this morning, and it gave	ally perfected itself since its arrival	well-greased griddle browning first	ond nigbt’	turnovers for luncheon the
the better the town the higher the	in this country, which, if they could	me infinite pleasure, especially since	at Plymouth on October 16. It had	on ()ne side nnd then on the other A	following	day	and	if	any	crust
ralue there is to the land because of	bo brought together, and in the end	you write in French, for I can read	many sites in England, where alone	fallow iron frying pan will answer	ma*ns	** can	be	used	in desserts, meat
its proximity to the town ; it	means	they will when conditions become ripe.	English only with the greatest diffi-	4,000 cases were treated, before sail-	tke 8ame purpose and olive oil will	patt*es or	cb®esc straws. By using
less deposits in your banks; it	means	would	work wonders for the good of	culty. You ask me whether I need	ing for France in May, but only to-	^ foun(j an excellent substitute for	tbe Pa®try	in such a variety of ways
that you will have less money to lend all. I refer to the bankers and the anything. All that I need is that you day has it reached its full perfection. ^uttcr	she avoids the impression of same-
to the farmer and to the business business men of the towns, the farm write to me again.”	----- pow‘j	Sour (-rcam (iravy________________________________________ ness yet manages to lighten her work
man; it means the boys are not going	press and the country paper.	Another	says, in reply to a lady	The Equipment	Cut chicken Qr fowl as for fricassee	materially,
to stay in the towns; it means that	The movement inaugurated by	the	who wrote	to him: “Pardon me if I	jn an these hospitals, English and	and cook siowiy till tender Do not
the boy is not going to stay on the	bankers, looking to co-operation with j	have not answered immediately. I	Canadian, the operating theatres are	add salt untd nearly done When
farm unless the town affords some	other interests in the upbuilding and	have been very ill and cannot sit up	models, both of structure and equip-	perfectly tender remove to platter on
attraction; it means economic ruin to	increasing of efficiency of the farm,	in bed. I cannot write with my right	ment. The incident of light, both	whjch ig d buttered toast
many of our best interests; it means is the great movement of the day. It hand, and it is with great difficulty I natural and artificial, is even better	f
increased problems for the country	will not succeed at the expense of the	write this with my left. I am very	than in most London and Montreal
and states in matters of handling our	millions of people and particularly	happy to have news from a French	hospitals; and one can point to little
social and political problems in our	merchants and bankers located in the	Canadian lady. If only I were with	that is inferior even in such cquip-
great cities; it means concentration	towns and smaller cities. They are	you we could talk together. I do not	ment as X-ray apparatus. It is a de-
of business of every kind in the	vitally interested and should become	speak a word of English, and I am	light to see the smooth working of the
great centres; it means the downfall	a part and parcel of a great	joint	the only Canadian in this hospital.”	Canadian officers and doctors, whether
of the small business man and the	movement that will increase the	pro-	Such being the case with a good many	r.A.M.C, or Red Cross, in this im-
small banker; it means socialism. ductive ability of our farmers. You Canadian soldiers, our French Cana- mense organization.
What are we as bankers and busi-	cannot hope to accomplish this	in-	dian Red Cross workers are indeed to	There are three more Canadian
ness men, going to do about it? What	crease by in any way crippling	that	be congratulated for their charitable	army hospitals in England, and in
does your home town most need? great body of our people who are the enterprise in writing to the wounded. France three general, with a poten-
First of all, it needs team work, co- nearest to, and the only ones to whom	- tial equipment of 1,040 beds, two sta-
operation, first amongst bankers and the farmers as a class go to, and de- A Year’s Rod Cross Work in Canada, tionary, a clearing hospital, with its
*****
### FshE ÊssÉ1	,###______________________________________________________________________________________________
goods store to carry in stock goods	that the farming community about us	been sent to the head offices	of the	jshahle as fresh	fruit. The cover
fine enough for the	banker’s,	the	was in hearty sympathy with every	Society in Toronto. In addition	to this	comeg 0ff the first	opportunity, and
lumberman's, and the hardware mer-. effort to meet conditions in and out of cash donation, over $7,500 has been the sick soldier, for all the good -hant’s family? None	whatever.	This	town, and where I have lived, and	expended for materials made	up by	housewife's efforts,	will have nothing	white soap will
being often the case,	how can	the	what we as merchants and bankers	local workers. Taking other	contri-	hut an unsatisfied	longing. In this	grease.
banker expect the merchant, whose have done is being repeated through- butions into consideration, it is esti- matter no amount of patriotic inven- Powdered French chalk sprinkled note he holds, to meet his obligations out the country. Many towns have	mated bv officials of the Victoria	tiong fij| the bill so well as a quart	over stale bread is an excellent clean-
if there is taken away from him the become awakened to the situation;	branch that upwards of $40,000 has	«sealer” or a “lever” tin provided with	er for wall paper,
only means whereby he may be able they are inviting co-operation; they been subscribed locally.	a top that will fit down snugly and Should fresh paint be upset on the
to meet them—his profits on goods are seeking light; they are spending	---- securely.	floor, pour vinegar over it and wipe terial of a 42-centimeter mortar, and
sold to his neighbors.	money; they are doing	everything	The Canadian Hospital* at the Front.	Canning instructions have been pub-	up at once with a soft cloth.	as the shell used	in this monster gun
The whole question is	summed	up	that is possible	in their	power to	A writer in an English publication	lished, calling for unsweetened pre- Silk, if burned, gives off a disagree-	ia flve long	and weighs three-
in and stated in the following from ' promote the feeling of friendship, pay8 a striking tribute to the Cana- serves as like fresh fruit as possible able smell, similar to that of burned quarters of a ton, it would not even one who was at one time the editor of, and co-operation with all classes. I djan Hospital Organization in Europe, and as unlike jam. with which the feathers, whereas cotton or artificial g° aa ammunition. “These shells,”
—-—-___________-_____________ No. 1 General Canadian Hospital soldiers are surfeited. Some ladies silk are practically odorless.	it is said, “kill everyone within 150
,	.	.	situated on the outskirts of Boulogne, have taken these instructions too liter- Do not throw away one bit of the yarda and many further off;” rifle bar-
composed of crystals like grams uf R*, the centre of much the biggest ally, and have sent in fruit absolutely celery. Wash the undesirable parts rela	18 «truck by lightning;
¦	| eu|[ar ?r12“vvWI" that , n fllms of hospital concentration ever attempted unsweetened. Preserved fruits should and boil them with the soup bones. It men disappear in such explosions
Wood Cell Is Composed	of Crystals	water hold the	crystals	apart, yet	ln history. The visitor finds himself	contain a certain amount of sugar sy-	will give the soup a delicious flavor.	“are reported as	missing, as there is
Like Grains of Sugsr	or Salt.	bmd them into a	maas* A ff°°d ml-	.mazed at the scale and scope of this	rup. They should be boiled at a high If afraid to use poison for rats	no Proof °* their	death.” The old bell
.	,	croscope shows the wood cell and re-	hospital town to the efficiency of	temperature sufficient to destroy the	soak a rag with kerosene, nut a niece	comel	down	to	woeful	business	from
All wood contains more or less wa- veals its spiral ban ians and ita open-	wkich Canadians have made a nota-	yeast germs which cause fermenta-	of camphor gum in it and stuff the	the	tower	where	it	has	so	long	pealed
Ur; even the driest wood known con- ings and cavities, but no instrument	ble contribution. Their share in an	tion. The jars should be sealed so as	rat hole. Mr. Rat will call at that en-
Uina two or three pounds of water to yet made reveals the ultimaU cry#-	organization which is beyond prece-	to be perfectly airtight.	trance no more
every hundred pounds of weight. Ab- Uls that, as many believe, do exist, dent cannot perhaps be exaggerated They should be packed for transit Cucumbers are cooled under run solutcly dry wood is unknown, for	and that would explain why waUr	ft |s second only to their performance	in	stout	barrels	and	boxes	with	the	„lng water	if	they	have	not
the heat needed to obtain it would dis-	cannot be expelled from wood without	jn tbe field.	individual	jars	smugly wrapped	in	ex-	ice	or	if	stood	stem	down in i
solve the wood and convert it into gas destroying the wood itself.	This particular hospital is in some celaior.	rc<
and charcoal An eminent Swiss au-	------?------ respects the leading one, owing to m Only careful packing will prevent -	-	™	--------=---
thority on the characteristics of wood	a man isn't known so well by the	new method invented by Col. Murray
believe# that a sufficiently powerful	company he keeps aa by the line of	MacLaren of New Brunswick, the
microscope, could It be made, would	talk he hands the next door neigh-	officer commanding. He has arranged
show that the ultimate wood cell A# hors.
I
BELLS IN GAME OF WAR.
That of Vienna Cathedral, Cast From
Turkish Cannon.
or
crisp baking powder biscuits, split, and make sour cream gravy as follows: One and one-half cups chicken St Stephen, Vienna, cast from cap-broth, three-fourths cup sour cream tured Turkish cannons more than two and one and one-half tablespoons each centuries ago, is to return to war as of butter and flour. Rub butter and an Austrian “skoda,” a 42-centimeter flour together, add to broth and let mortar, big calibre shells, or shrapnel, boil. Thin with sour cream, reheat The church has given this treasure to and season to taste with salt and pep- be melted up as part of the war metal per as needed. Do not let this boil, collection.
as it is liable to separate. If fried Here is another of the reversions chicken is desired, dredge meat with to former times that the war has dis-flour and fry in butter, chicken fat, closed; to the days when he who commanded the bell commanded the town, when the conqueror melted down holla for amunition or the conquered saw his cannon cast into bells. Bells have had a great part in war, they have summoned soldiers to arms, and they have rung over triumph and defeat. The old bells of Chester Cathedral rang the victory of Trafalgar and the death of Nelson, “after every peal a single booming note of grief.” Another old English bell, cracked under the strain of Waterloo rejoicing, was recast and re-inscribed, “I rang the
The great bell of the Cathedral of

or lard until brown. Delicious.
The Great Growler, “die grosse Brummerin,” of St. Stephen, weighs only 17 tons, not much when it is remembered that if Russia, too, was to melt up her bells she could find in Moscow one that weighs 180 tons and another 128 tons. Old St. Stephen’s bell In times past could have made a small battery of artillery. To-day it would furnish only a third of the ma-
Houaehold Hints.
Cold water, ammonia, and a little
remove machine
WOOD AND WATER.
only peace.
One-third of the sufferers from gout in hospitals are painters.
A leather cannon was use at Edinburgh in 1778 and found to answer. Madge-So you feel better since you
„ „	_ _	^	.	..	* I ¦	The maingave up dancing and devoted yourself
Ladto preparing fruit should pay j point is that they should reach the to Rwl Cross work? Marjorie—In-att##M#o to this fntllcr. The , sick soldier OMMMMS in the hospitals I I do# dee * V\ e had ¦? nawt in making of the preserves la only a unbroken and unfermented.	I the papers nine times,
email part of the work.
the spacious tenta In long corridor t

###PAGE###3###

GOLDSMITH’S ADVICE.	If TL* PJ/àgi/nilC	room has medical stores, a long table,
OVER BABY'S ILLNESS :	tuMmi Ad,„. » • «erVOUS
tagvs of Thrift	Diiii finit/ti |)pnrK^P(l anrl » k.v room for the officers, who
de. Boi., Que., write.: “La.t autumn The poet Goldsmith, though hi. llUU */UTTII> WFIW#W> have . very comfortable me..-room,
grLtl^m%MKe(i ’K Thond JtorW did j ^Mmo^t ^nprvccdeïted6 Stic a Un"	UlS Will Mp ! thofour army nurses assigned to each
EBElE BEE : E CEEEiSE
The Tablets regulate the stomach and more he spent and the more debt he actly describe. They are always tired the roof supply the wards and kitchen bowels,	break	up	colds	and	simple	fe-	Incurred. At his death he owed no	, »nd droopy, lack ambition, have poor with hundreds of gallons of water,
vers,	expel	worms,	cure	colic,	and	less than two thousand pounds, which,	aPPetite, look pale and suffer from I he sperml feature of these trains
ESS tSfSmk SSvE
Medicine Co., Brockville, Ont	lars now. The great Samuel Johnson, We advise everyone in this condition
Goldsmith’s friend and benefactor, to take a good medicine at once and., . . ...
might well exclaim, as he did, “Was try to get well while yet there is be raiHed Ilke thosc in an ordinary ever poet so trusted before ?” But,! time.	Probably no better advice can	sleeping car, are arranged in tiers of
though Goldsmith was a spendthrift,	^	than to use regularly Dr.	three with the advantage that 36 men
he realized the advantages of that Hamilton’s Pills which have become can be comfortably settled in each
EEE'EEBE EmSES HSEE1S, K„
ther about the training of hi, son,	id, food is digested and naturally	Jhe two trams just finished
poor Goldsmith said: “Teach, my dear	strength rapidly increases. Headaches are Part of a of 24 , ch carfy
sir, to your son thrift and economy.	K» because the bowels are regulated British wounded from the front to the
Let his poor wandering uncle’s exam- al> wastes are earned off. There | base hospitals and the ports in France.
pie be placed before his eyes. I had *»	Ü "thev cen
contracted the habits and notions of a	tajnly	rv‘st()re t^e ^ick as a trial will	Rus*ia BuyB Large Quantities of Tea.1	arena,	is	reported	from	Yokohama	to
philosopher while I was exposing my-	qUjckiy prove. Just as good for the.	The Canadian demand for Indian	have shown	quite	a	contrary tendency
self to the insidious approaches of	0ld as the young, and suitable to the ! and Ceylon teas increase yearly,	lately
cunning; and often by being, even	needs of men, women and children, and if one adds to this the many	Immediately	after	the	outbreak	of
with my narrow finances, charitable to	This grand family medicine should be other contingencies brought about by	war American	and	Japanese toy mak-
exce„, I forgot the rule, of ju.tice, in every home.	, th.e war, it can readily be understood
------.------
tion of the wretch who thanked me THE FRUITS OF OBSERVATION, and their buyers pay the very high- Austrian and German manufacturers
for my bounty.’’	___ est prices. The abnormal buying The Japanese manufacturers particu
forced quotations up over 10c a 1 larly were looked to by the dealers in pound higher than nine months ago. the Philippines, the Dutch Indies, and
India, for the supply of colored-paper toys, small flags, and wooden models.
Thus trade showed a great expension and inspired hope in the Japanese manufacturers, who then sent their representatives to those southern markets and investigated the possibility of the line. Some of them had already carried out a great increase in their operations. Before, however, the extension had been fully effected, the sudden contraction of trade came.
Japanese toys appear good, but are declared to be not durable. The coloring is also said to be poor and not durable, particularly when the goods are sent to southern lands.
GREATLY DISCOURAGED
mammm
MADE IN CANADA
r MAGIC
AKING POWDER
Mrs. Jos. Gaudreau, Notre Dame
4
I
• fi
I
CONTAINS NO ALUM
I
Makes pure, delicious, healthful biscuits, cakes and pastry. It is the only well-known strictly high class baking powder made in Canada, selling at a medium price.
Read the label


v
K
wards set aside for lying down cases is also new. The berths, which can
E.W.GILLETT COMPANY LIMITED
TORONTO, ONT.
MONTREAL
WINNIPEG
JELLICOE AT SCHOOL.

The Diplomatic Way He Made a
Bosom Friend.
Presence of Mind
JAP TOYS ARE NOT DURABLE.
Klein (to partner)—Quick, Eckstein, a man fell trou de cole hole! Eckstein—Clap de cover on, Ikey, Japan’s trade in toys, which once while I run for de cop! If we don’t showed a steadily increasing tendency, arrest him for stealin’ coal he’ll sue owing to the recession of Austrian us for damages!
and German merchants from the trade	,	... ¦¦ —	-	—
As a boy Sir John Jellicoe, Admiral of the Grand Fleet, attended a school at Rottingdean, the little Sussex village, four miles from Brighton. Apart from the fact that he was a hard worker, Jellicoe was undistinguished from other boys. He was known, however, as a boy of exceptionally high character, and successfully passed the very difficult examination which was necessary in those days to secure admission to the Britannia.
cm
Orient Has Dropped Off
Minard's Liniment Co., Limited.
Dear Sirs,—I can recommend MI-NARD’S LINIMENT for Rheumatism and Sprains, as I have used it for both with excellent results.
Yours truly,
T. B. LAVERS,
St. John.
ers were suddenly called upon to supply toys that had been furnished by
Professor MacNaughton, who was it school with Jellicoe, says that the admiral possessed a large capacity for fun, “and he was certainly distinguished beyond any of my contemporaries at school with a fund of originality of which I remember one particularly striking instance. Young Jellicoe had just entered the school, and being a new boy, he had to make his way in the world of school-life. He proceeded in an eminently original way.
has
How a Dervise Described a Lost
Camel.
Joints Quit Aching Soreness Goes Away
V
A Dervise was journeying alone in a desert, when two merchants suddenly met him.
“You have lost a camel,” said he to
wmmsmmm
' ”r"dy	&s«tijr.rss jr 5^	BE
“Rheumatism kept my joints swot-	he,%d of |*,m- but from y°ul	make him excited—that is in the hys-
len and sore for ten years. My right	^ pretty story, truly, said	the	terjcai German or the emotional Gal-
knee joint was often too painful to al-j merchant; “but where are the jewels ^ ways—on the battlefield, or afraid, low me to walk. In this crippled tor- which formed a part of his burden?” He ia aiways himself, and himself has “A game of football was being tured condition I found Nerviline a	“I have seen neither your camel	aitered for a century,
played in the afternoon on the small blessing. Its warm, soothing action	nor your jewels,” repeated the der-	War to him must be carried on in
playing field which lay within the brought relief I had given up hoping vige	the Rame way ag hig ledgers were
school precincts. On one occasion the for IpWMo*	On this they seized his person, and filled up, and his lawn mown in civil- ducts. All may be eaten hot without —1 |	|	¦
^ntlTfc^h if instead of Ihmwi^ Forgone at mealtime in order to forthwith hurried him before the cadi ; ian life. In the former state he f re- distress and nourish better than meat. #2	R^re.Zatll^ Kllher
went to ret h . ns . tni win*,	pu^fy and enrich my blood. I am to-	but on the strictest search nothing	quently paused to light a pipe and	j$e sensible, at least try it. Costs Experience unnecessary. Spare time ac-
It back in the ordinary manner, he	day weij and can recommend my,	could be found upon him, nor could	contemplate the universe, in his new	..... , .n f un , 9c t Af rÜrnnt,. Nlchols' Llmlted* *Padlr»a Av*-
ran -back with the ball ip his hand, treatment most conscientiously. ,	any evidence whatever be adduced to	state he continues the habit. In one 1	e’ y	t'°
and, oq coming close to Ingram, made	(Signed) C. PARKS,	convict him either of falsehood or of	of the fights a private smoked steadily	grocers
a neat	drop-kick, eo	that	the	ball	x Prince Albert	theft	as he fired at the advancing Germane.	,	_	w
bounded	against him with some force.	Not an ache or pain in the muscles	They were about to proceed against	He puffed at his cigarette between his	*n	’’ ar
There was n shout of laughter and or joints that Nerviline wont cure. ftg a 8orcerer when the dervise, shots, put the cigarette on a stone, Tramp—Please, mum, I'm a Bel-applause, and away ran Jellicoe, pur-	on er^u	u ££	with great calmness, thus addressed fired, and took the cigarette again, gian refugee
sued by Ingram, to a corner of the earache' and toothache. Nerviline is	the Court:—“I have been much amus-	When he came back from a bayonet	Lady-—Are you? Mention a town Pgn>-..'.Lu
field, where they indulged for some g|mpiy n wonder> Best family lini-	ed at your surprise, and own that	charge his chief concern was not the	in Belgium.
moments in a friendly tussle before	ment known and largely used for the	there has been some ground for your	success his battalion had attained, but	Tramp (cogitating a moment)—I — TUMORS LUMPS ETC
resuming the game.	past forty years. Sold by dealers	suspicions; but I have lived long and	the fact that the cigarette had smoked	would, mum, but they have all been V Internal and external, cured with-
“From that day Jellicoe and Ingram everywhere, large family size bottle	alone and ; can find ampie scope for	itself out. The charge was a minor.	destroyed.	out pain by our home treatment. Writ.
became boson friend,, and though Me*. ««11 trial me *£,**»• a	Nation even in adesert. I knew	success of many successes. The ciga-	- cSÆurf0 feniwwo*'o£"
subsUtute, take only Nervdme.	I had crossed the track of a rette was the last
cemel that had strayed from its owner, because I saw no mark of any hu-
THE CIGARETTE IN BATTLE
Incident at the Front Which Showed
Great Coolness.
Indefinite.
Mrs. Snooper—Men make me tired.
Mrs. Swayback—What's the matter now?
Mrs. Snooper—My husband saw Mrs. Keedick yesterday and I asked him what she had on, and he replied, “Oh, clothes.”
Minard's Liniment Cores Burns, Etc.

By rising two hours earlier every morning than you are accustomed to you would, in forty years, add ten years of eight-hour days to your life.
*
Constipation Relieved or
“Money Back.” No Drugs
the school evidently determined that it was worth while to cultivate the friendship of this senior boy; and he set about it In the following very original way:
Dr. Jackson's Roman Meal is sold with this guarantee. It is simply a j most delicious food. It makes por
F LOOKING FOR A FARM. CON-
Ontarlo. All aises. H. W. Dawson. Brampton.
ridge, pancakes, and all baked pro
AGENTS WANTED
*
ROFIT-MAKINO NEWS AND JOB Offices for wale In good Ontario The most useful and Interesting
Full Information on
P
towns
of all businesses application to Wilson Publishing Coin-
'Toronto.
MISCELLANEOUS
this trivial incident occurred more than forty years ago, it has always remained in my memory. I do not indeed remember, either at this or at any other of the schools where I was educated, any instance of equally successful, and original boyish diplomacy.”
Mlnard's Uniment Cures Dandruff
THE BIGHT SCHOOL TO ATTEND I
+
LLIOTT
Very Trying
LORD KITCHENER'S TASK

Notorious For His Slackness
“Well, that’s enough to try the patience of Job!” exclaimed the village ployer to collect an account from minister as he threw aside the local Smith, notorious for his slackness in j pgper. “Why, what's making payments. After several vain dear?” asked his wife attempts to obtain a settlement, Jones day j preached from the text ‘Be ye free remarked, “Well, at least let me know therefore steadfast, on what date I may expect payment.” good man, “but the printer makes it Smith replied—“Do you take me for a
He la Making Ready for the Knock- knew tW the Znima” wasTlind^one
eye, because it had cropped the herbage only on the one side of its path; and that it was lame in one leg, from the faint impression which that particular foot had produced upon the sand. I concluded that the animal had lost one tooth because wherever I
Jones was recently sent by his em-
Youge and Charles Sj, Toronto.
the matter,| The demand for our graduate» during , q August and September was four time» L*&Nt aun*| our giuDDly. Commence now. Calendar
W. J. ELLIOTT, Principal.
out Blow
It is puzzling many what we are doing with the armies we have raised. Everyone expected certain activities when we had reached a certain strength, and in more than one influential quarter the feeling has been It is hard to convince some people expressed that Lord Kitchener should that tea or coffee does them an injury! now take his true position as Brit-Tlvy lay their bad feelings to almost ain's foremost soldier, writes an Eng-leviry cause but the true and unsus- ligh correspondent, petted one.
But the doctor knows
answered the
f n
ABSORBING
Y HAM MARK 6tG.U.S.PAt0ff
A DOCTOR’S EXPERIENCE
read, ‘Be ye there for breakfast.
9 99
Medicine Not Needed In This Case
f ssl r, «sfiri Sl tsslsz
its bite. Aa to that which formed the burthen of the beast the busy ants informed me that it was corn on the one side, and the clustering flies that it honey on the other.”
Will reduce Inflamed, Strained, Swollen Tendons, Ligaments, or Muscles. Stopsthe lamenessand from a Splint, Side Bone
One night in a country village bar- il Bone Spavin. No blister, no hair Relief ber’s shop a knight of the lather and	gone and horse can be used. $2 a
Paint on Putnam's	brush was perform/ng the operation	M bottle at druggists or delivered. De.
Corn Extractor to*	of shaving a	customer with a very	«cribc your rase for special instruct
-«n	*	matter, boss?” “The razor pulls.” menu. Swollen Glsnds. Veins or Muscles;
ease, th. pain,	no matter for th.t .ir. » ^
kills	a	corn	for	ail time. No pain. I handle of the	razor dont break the	w	p. Y0UN8. P. D. F.. 616 Lymans Bldg, Montreal, Csa
Cure	guaranteed.	Get a 26c. bottle of	beard’s bound	to come off.”	Absorboe sod Abserbioc. Jr., sre mdo In Csasdai
•Putnam's” Extractor to-day.
Mlnsrd’s Llulmsnt
garded you as a loss.”
Sharp Practice
+
Instant
Corns
I believe that the nation would be His wide almost unanimous in transferring experience has proven to him that, to, Kitchener to the field, but we must some systems, tea and coffee are in- firgt of all be sure that his work at sidious poisons that undermine the home is finished. He set out to per-health. Ask him if tea or coffee is a form what seemed an impossible task, cause of constipation, stomach and namely, the raising of an army num-nervous troubles.	I hered not by thousands but by mil-
“I have been n coffee drinker all ijong> There was only one man in my life, and when taken sick two Britain capable of even tackling that years ago with nervous prostration, j0b—Kitchener.
the doctor said that my nervous sys-, That task is not yet finished, for tern was broken down and that 11 Lord Kitchener will make would have to give up coffee.
Drop

Out
FINE TRAIN AMBULANCE.
New One Built in England a Rolling • Hospital and Hotel.
The latest thing in train ambulances, built by the London & NorthWestern Railway at a cost of some ^
$35,000 for service in France, i. quite ^ ,ubject of the diBCUMlon WAe
______________________________________________
that he used it in m family and it make ^hat call, for rightly we are throughout, while every car is pro-
was all it claimed to be.	now dealing with arms before the vided with electric ventilating fans.
"So I quit coffee and commenced maf^ and certjdn events may even The two kitchens, marvels of compact
to use Postum steadily, and in about happen that will enable the Allies to equipment, aroused much enthusiasm.
two week a J could sleep better and wjn	*t posent strength; but They Will supply the wounded m |
get up in the morning feeling fresh. jt .g well known in military circles soon aa they are brought on board
In about two months began to gain that	Kitchener will not consider. with hot drinks and soup, to be fol-
flesh. I weighed only 146 pounds ^g work at the Wgr Office done until lowed later with delicious stews and
when I commwed on I -M um and . jn ^ reserve superior to any ! more substantial fva IhitmtwM n«>w I weigh 167 and feel better than q{ ^ Gr,lt Powen,
usas es
Postum comes In two forms: e armies, he is <fating Postum Cereal—the original form preparing surprises. The S##S0#M
ust be well boiled. 16c and 26c
In*
*

one more
,	. . .	_	.. appeal—and it will be the last. Mark
“I got so weak end shaky I could that The register will be his guide not work, and reading an advertise- ag ^e number of men he will ask
ment of Postum I asked my grocer if f and he knows that the call will be he had any of it He Mid, ‘Yes,’ a
ID
“But, surely,” protected the scoffer, “you must admit that man is a bungle job? Why, even you, in your work, must have noted many defects in the human organism, and have thought of better physical contrivances.”
The preacher smiled gently.
“Yes, I have,” he replied in cool sarcastic tones. “You see when I want to shut out anything disagreeable from my sight I can always draw down my eyelids, like this; but unfortunately I haven't any flaps to
WE BUY IT
men as
Perhaps you have been sending your supply of
Milk to a local factory,—then you do not know the advantages of sending to the Largest and Most
Up to-Date Dairy in Canada. LET US TELL YOU. WRITE NOW for information and copy of contract. Give your shipping station and railway.
/
I
Evasive.
pons and
the engagement, and I don't know what to do.
Ned—Send her a diplomatic reply that will
by Britain's
When the
strong n > employ
the new
hour
to
p
soluble powder
Instaat Poetu
fc—dissolves quickly in • cup of hot
City Dairy Co., Ltd.
do more than talk of
tar, and, with
Kitchener will take his
yacht is
23 THE
Both kinds fire equally delicious
TORONTO, ONT.
SPADINA CRESCENT
the
Henry VIII.
” for P
###PAGE###4###
SHAWVILLE SASH AND DOOR FACTORY.
THE EQUITY.
GinDills
^^fortheJL KIDNEYS
Government Average Surplus Twenty Million Dollars
Ontario Sends Antitoxin.
The Ontario Government has laced an order with the University f Toronto calling for delivery of ,000 syringe packages of tetanus ulitoxin every month. The order 'so calls for almost immediate de-very of $5,000 worth of the material.
SHAWVILLE, OCT. 14, 1915.
A compilation from official iwonD « f
tie Dominion for the ituriod from April I.
1012 to March 31, I9h% that is to for the three full fiscal years of the pre t government's administration show* the following illuminating facts :
The total aggregate revenue of th-
Dominion for three years in questiojM	. ..	.
.surplus of r^iWin.V.N.tin |a r yem, ;<	p should J>e possible to raise both
ice .nl without parallel in the history ol Angora and Milch Goats lu Manitoba Canada.	profitably. The milch goats cspecial-
For the same three year period tin ly, are accustomed to a cold climate, $2.50 at all druggists. !• rev sample on ! capital e\|*cndi!urc npirt fmm the wav. since the most prominent breeds request to	lh.,| $io.\S.33,542.<X>. Of this coma from Switzerland. Angoras are
expenditure the surplus above men- able to adapt themselves fairly sue-liunv.l li,initiates over eighty-nine mil ,‘easfully to almost any condition ot
f...ii*B s«fs 5SSSVS
obtained with them. Therefore, they should not be allowed, if possible,
R. G. HODGINS, Prop.
How They Relieve
Hard field, N. B.
sax
Kudyard o enlisted is reported have U‘vn
The only son of the poet Kipling, a delicate youth, \\h _ iilist his p.uvntV wishes i ns>in_ and is Believed t«
SCI
“It affords me great pleasure to convey not only to you but to all sufferers from Backache and Rheumatism, the
Manufacturer of and Dealer in
Would Do Well In Manitoba.
Sash, Dressed Lumber, etc.
great relief I have obtained from the use of Gin Pills. I feel thankful to you. I Null h W v>t recommend Gin Pills to everyone suffer-till» | iug as I did.*’
Doors
Hubert ( i. 1 trett, who at one tunc member of tin !'• rritorial Assembly, a ml who ishixl the Hantï Sanitarium, has been ip|K>intvtl Lieut. ( if'wrnor uf Allaita, l in Lieutvnant-(fox vrnorshii• of Sa>-I; it the wan has al>o been tilled by the apjHMntmcnt of Mr. Richard Stuart L ike, fvrmvrh Federal member for the | Canada
i >
:

VS
ROBERT M. WILSON

Gin Pills are 50c. a box or 6 boxes for

Custom Sawing1.

National Drug & Chemical Co.
Limited, Toronto.
tUVllVN of Qll’AjqH'lU
1
!
CAPITAL kxpkniutvrk
( nl lection
f wml seeds- Gerald
The capital ex|>etuiiture from April 1
DrajH i 1, Kyiv Smiley 2, Nina Barl*er3. U)ii>, to March 31, 1915, on Hudson’s upon swamp lands.
Nina Barber 1, Winni- Bay Railway, National Transcontinental i. Both Angora and Milch goats can
ts±r........	-M, asrsa ssiV*!? s
H"" I'. I abll." Ileimi; k 2. K-elyn « li.rr.-y-, j Hi»l-.n. toy Ikllmy .10,371,124.»	rZiSre olier
1 e.i iake I an H i •lamiesoii l,	Mai -1 Nat, 1 rails. (. on.	Railway 30,2h9,0 49. 1 n	fgej than pasture. They	are actually
gueiite Hudgins’ iî, Maigaiet Smi(li 3.	tjuel»ec Bridge	6,933,236.6,	more easily maintained	than	sheep,
Bulls Evelyn X\ harrey 1, Emily I	-----------since they do not require such a
I he j Bel slier 2, Jessie ( ’aidwell 3.	Total.*33,573,810.25	great variety of feed.
Fudge Kyle Smiley 1, Isabel	Mac-	The average	veavlv	increase in the Angora goats will subsist	almost
IP*
H , ,	. '!*iU^ .jArua. l h ^ ‘u * The average yearly increase in national j
l.Mh. Igaret Smith 2, Lillian Stark 3.	(|el.t ... April I, l»w. t„ M in i, 31. MAY MAKE HEAVY
1911, was *20,693,730.73
The changes in the Dominion cabinet foreshadowed last week, have since i 4ken place. Hon. Mr. Coderre has ippointed to the bench for the or Court of Montreal K. Blond in has become Secretary of St ne. and Mr. E. L. 1 ‘atvnamie takes
4 »
SNAWVILLE MARBLE AND GRANITE WORKS
T. SHORE - PROPRIETOR.
Doll s dress

tin
K'l
I have on hand the finest
stock of Marble and Granite Monu-
* lie portfolio of Inland Revenue writ for the bv-election in the case of
ments over placed before the public Prices are such that it will be to intending
liter ha> been issued. Mr. Paten
11
of this district,
purchasers' interest to consult mo before placing their order elsewhere.
mle will run for Hocheluga, the seat
Nomina-
ttvly held by Mr. Coderre Mmis will take place next Friday
Nothing too large—nothing too small.
CANNON IN CANADA
SPECIALS
The A usto-German drive through Servis, the object of which is to carve i road through the Balkans to relieve the pressure on Turkey has begun with
FENCING AND CEMETERY WORK A SPECIALITY
Sheaf ensilage corn—Kyle Smiley 1.
Koliert Drummond 2, Edgar Storic 3.
Sheaf wheat—Lela McDowell I, Agnes Rose 2, Thomas Horner 3.
Peek of wheat—Edna Thomson lj.	fcitiiui nan
EB-EHt E | SESèE	! ShSF- j-,
rn* likely to meet with very strong re- 1. Alvin Nicholson 2, Wallace Wilson 3. adopted read.	tablishing such an industry. At the
Meanwhile an allied army is I Half bus. of turnips Garnet Hodgins Movcti by coins. McLeod and Horner inference in Ottawa one hundred of
!•,"«...
1 lie situation i> regarded as lwing very ( ^^llis Wninman 2, Pearl Hazard 3. B. lh)<S tiring and sweeping No. 6 12.oo vrilical, yet not lieyond successfully Display* of vegetables— Charlie Imison M* MvKillop, 22 jiosts at 15c.
oping with.	It Wendell Wilson 2, El wood Dale 3.	" *	“	•* htaces at 3<>c
of Vlvniouth rocks—Douglas I «bdin Small, stumping and draw Russell 1, Lindsey MeVagg 2.	tng stone, levelling ground and
Trio Plymouth rocks Edgar Storie 1,1 fencing No. »
Xmerican demands for settlement of | G rath Graham 2. Willie MeVagg 3.	K. A. I Tit chard, supplies	No.	3
Trio white Wyandot tvs Edward	Mc	M- Me N eill, 90	posts	at	13<	for
Lellan I, Gray don MeLcllan 2, Lawrence	9
Morrison 3. *	Drawing same,
Trio white Leghorns—Frank Finni- twenty lbs staples,
Secretary f St te Lansing, disavows I	n 1, Alvin Nicholson 2	| Six loads stone,
the sinking of the vessel, announces that	Trio brown Leghorns—Ed rice Bean	1,1 ^vra|Hering,
Carl Horner 2.	Repairing foundation,
Trio any other breed—Jewell Bean 1, fencing ground,
Edriee Bean 2, Arnold Chisnell 3.	( leaning No. 9,
Assortment of flowers—Charlie Imi- Sundry supplies,
Agrees to pay an indemnity to their I son 1, Ivy Millar 2.	H. Ross, staples and brace wire,
¦¦ Now. with this matter ap-1	--------------- I ^ by eolll,. Campbell and Me-
Lend that rate for the school year 191516 be fixed at 7 mills on the dollar, and v i r v i i r«	'	. i the school fee for taxpayers at 10 cents
"I *¦'	» ...» ""
\nother dish of highly svamnwi w»w man Palnu-r ; Commissioner. Cars, . '	,,, cnms. Campbell and Me
the Kaiser for this I Hams and Draper.	Leral that M. I). Allen I* appointed
Mmutes of last meetingwere^rea , ; I	^.mtasioner instead of C. Me-
also communications from John XNalsh, (jujrtl cased
Shawville School Fair.IIhèg-'jth^Z&ZTJd%Æ
John Smelair and Norman Tub-1 Mat^rial ftn(î 'workmanship to la- ae-
cording to specification4.
Moved by com*. Campbell and McLeod that the Secretary order 14 single desks for No. I School.
Move«i by com. Homer that we do now adjourn.
Minutes Bristol School Commit- 3n« Practlcal «^ult of Sir Robert's
sioners.
Visit to tiritain.
All Work Guaranteed Satisfactory.

While in England Sir Robert Borden and Sir Sam Hughes dis-
Fall Suitings
sis Ui net
the leaders in Canadian Industrial * 4.<m) and financial work were present.
The British War Office is prepared 3.30 to order between 2,000 and 3,000 «*0 heavy guns of different calibres in the Dominion, delivery to be made within two years. The question is whether Canadian manufacturers cculd handle the order as they have handled the orders placed here for shells. The War Office requirements were laid before the meeting by Gen-7.00 gral Mahan, the expert who came ¦¦over with Mr. D. A. Thomas. His proposition was that the different 5.25 parts of the guns be manufactured l.iNi in the Dominion, and the assembling done at some central point.
The whole question was finally referred to the following committee for a report to the Government: Sir John Gibson, Chairman; Members of the Shell Committee, Messrs. Frederic Nicholls (Toronto), W. D. Robb (Grand Trunk Railway), Hector Mc-Innes (Halifax), F. L. Wanklyn (C. P. R.), Sir Lymar Jones, Sir William Mackenzie, Senator Edwards, Mr. R. W. Blackwell (Montreal), James Young (Dundas), George Burn (Ottawa), J. Chaplin (St. Catharines), Mr. Miller (Canadian Vickers Company), and Mr. F. P. Jones (Montreal),
With a choice lot of
NEW FALL TWEEDS
in stock
we are able to fit you with a Dressy Suit.
Call and see them.
Sweaters, Rain Coats and Ready*IV|ade Suits.
Pen
»

mpletely acceded to
Germany lias
60.00
4.30
CO
the Arabic case. The Im|serial Government in a letter presented last Tuesday ly its ainUtt.ssaJnr, Count von Rernstorf,
11.70
)
>.LM
l has so notified the submarine com
10.00
5.0*»
m mder who made the attack, expresses regret for the loss of American lives and

1.2
3.11
families
parently smoothed over, what will lie done about the sinking of the Lusitania — a crime of much greater enormity, in
Minutes Clarendon Schools
MURRAY BROS., SEVILLE.
view o
g to
U" act of Hunnish WUiritv
K'l<
We are ready for Your
The Leading Prize Winners
Dates of Cutting Wheat.
.. Spring and Summer Trade
rangt
man were not satisfied with the removal I! of the present located site to the pro posed site at the “ The Rock/’
A copy of a ]>etition signed hy 29 ratepayers, stating that they were satisfied with the proposed site, N. E. corner of lv»t 3 on the 11th range, presented to the Board by Rev. Mr. Reid.
A delegation from No. 12 waited on th< Board.
The locating of the site for pro]>o*Ad j Canadian Device Has Attracted Interest of Mill tar) Experts.
The dates for cutting fall wheat In Ontario show a variation of three weeks from year to year, as shown by a record kept since 1888 by a farmer near Galt. The present year Is somewhat later than the average.
July.
Rest kept plot oats—Wilson PmuUt 1,
Eculivn Hodgin* 2, Ida Thomson 3.
Best yield from nlot—Ruby Horner 1,
Walter Young 3, Elvyn Oorrigan 3.
sheaf oats—Robbie liavlin 1,
I Sidney Draper 2, Peter Moyle 3
Best kept plot wheat —Harland 1I<h1-L'ins 1, Ed rice I Van 2, Cecil Young 3.
Best yield from plot—Vera McDowell 1. May Somerville 2, Sandy Stark 3.
Best sheaf wheat—Vera McDowell 1,
Jimmie BarWr 2, Lennis Barr 3.	new sch<H»l discussed.
1.	2!XbnVÊ."n.h.iw3Î	ItaVrU, that the minute.	by'^he mTand^O^h
Best yield from plot—Earle Dods 1, ot la>t nieetmg as road lie adopted. Battalions and other units of the Norma Hod gins 2, Annie Somerville 3. Mo\cd in amendment by coin. Dra;*r Canadian expeditionary force, is at-Best sheaf barley—Nonna Hodgins 1, l‘mt t“e nnnutes adopted with the ractlng great attention among mint-Jessie Horner 2, Lennon Thomas 3. exception of the motion referring to the iry men. The cooking stove and flre-Best kept plot corn—Euart Hcxlgins locating of the site of pro j toned new sox are supported on the axle of the 1 Beulah Stephens 3. Rebecca Stephens ^oed on the N. E. corner of 1/tt 3 on truck. They are made of best quality
the 11th range, and that we send to the 10 *auge steel plates, riveted to-
Bet twilve ear»—Fiai me Stork I, 1 >«!«*• t men* of Public Instruction re- tether and "trongly braced by heavy
v=» œ r,.ti, x-rs 8r£
¦¦¦¦	ïcSrS
and Joseph McNeil for east side, and Bseti, removable and locked Into Nathan L. Dagg and ( harles Workman position, and suitable for burning for west side to accompany man sent hy soft coal, bard coal, coke, wood. Best twelve potatoes—Clinton Young I -Superintendent.	itraw, etc. The flues in the body are
, Erwin Ross 2, Grace Harris 3.	Moved hy coin. Drajier, seconded by so designed th;k. two of the cooking
Bunch flowers_Ivy Millar 1. Flaurie r01?1- Garson that the tender of Robeit vessels can be heatef Independent of
Stone 2 Murv F Hodirins 3	Leitch he accepted for fixing two rooms the other two, so that two can be
m$mm mu
Hamilton 2, Melvyn Armstrong 3	”,e Superintendent Public Instruction 0f forged Iron, and all doors are so
Ijot of chicks—Edward Me Leila n lf Dor â copy of Hamilton» Nature Study constructed tha: they can be locked Alvin Nicholson 2, Willie Hobbs 3. an(1 Wementary Agriculture, for each ,hui during transportation. The four Pen of ft birds—Frank Finnigan 1, °» our ^hools of this municiaality.— cooking vessels are each constructed
Joe Morphy a. Aha* Elliott 8.	Carried._______________ of one piece ct eeamleu. soft, sheet
Trio of bird*—Cyril McDowell 1, Moved by com. Harri-s wconded by *«•* dr8wn «»<-> eh.pe and reinforced Harold Stark 2, Maude Somerville. com. Draper that this Board sanction at th*	•f** bJ.a
fair of bird*—Alvin Nicbolwn 1, Frank the Order of the Superintendent that 2*	J,! “ d
-rr"f 'br£J>u£t , ... rs1,'*—1..SasiSSUSttfSK»«
Cockerel - Harold Stark 1, Edna ducted from our teachers salaries for lhe apparatui The cooking vesse Thomson 2, Earl Dagg 3.	pension fund for the school year 1915- :an be filled with les water, and burn-
Pullet — Evelyn Horner 1, Edna 16.—Carried.	Ing ordinary soft wood, can be
Thompson 2, Lome Meld rum 3.	Moved by com. Carson, seconded by brought to a violent boll In 40 mln-
* Colt—Campbell Robitaille 1, Russell | com. Harris that the tender of Harry utee. Two horeee are hitched to tb# Kmmersrm 2, Harold Russell 3.	Stevenson for building No. 14 woodshed apparatus by the standard English
Dairy calf -Walter Young 1, Vivian he accepted.-Carried.	Quick Relear harness The weight
Millar 2, Clifford Hobbs 3	Next meeting, Saturday, October 16, »• **••• pounds, and the machine le
Beef calf-.Sandy Stark 1.	|at 2, p m	, ^	properly balanced to be as easy as
Collection of weeds—N ma Barber 1,
Beulah Stephens 2, Henry Hodgins 3
Roofing,
Troughing,
And any Tin work required in building.
Sheeting
test
Carload of Sheet Iron just placed in stock.
SATISFACTION GUARANTEED
1915
21
G. T. Drvmm* m>
20
1914
Scc.-Treas
1913
19
PRICES REASONABLE.
26
1912
1911
6
G-. W. DALE
PRACTICAL TINSMITH Shawvllle, Que.
19
1910
1909
22
17
1908
28
1907
1906
19
1905
22
25
1904
1903
18
1902
18
SEE
17
1901
1900
1899
1898
10
3
12
Q-. A. HOWARD’S Warerooms
1*2
1897
19
1896
8
Percy Wilkie 2, Evelyn Doherty 3.
Best plot of potatoes—Clifford Hobbs Bland Little 2, Willie McCuaig 3.
Best production from plot—George Young 1, Erwin Ross 2, Euphemia Weir
10
1895
1894
FOR f A f FEW f BARGAINS
13
1893
19
1,
#eeee#se#e#e#ee
3 New Miinro McIntosh Buggies 1 New Munro McIntosh two seat Express
1	No. 4 Maxwell Churn
2	Bluebell Washers
1892
19
17
1891
####ee#e#es#e#e
18
1890
1889

20
1888
21
Census Commissioner Appointed
R. H. Coats, editor of the Labor Oasette and statistician of the Labor Department, who has been appointed Census Commissioner to succeed the late Archibald Blue, succeeds to a position which has been broadened In scope and the new title will be Dominion Statistician and Controller of Census.
Mr. Coats will come Into the Trade and Commerce Department under Sir George Footer and will have charge of the collection of much of the statistical Information that is now gathered by the different départais and which will now be concentrated in one branch.
Mr. Coats is a Clinton, Ontario, boy and an honor graduate of Toronto University. He was In newspaper
Ing connected with The Toronto World and later with The Toronto Globe.. He was appointed to the
»
% Connor Washers
Maxwell and Connor 8 and 5 year Wringers Double and Single Harness 2 Second Hand Square Pianos 1 Second Hand Cam Organ, good condition 8 Pair Farm Sloops, slightly used
1	Pair Heavy Horses, will exchange for pair of drivers
2	New Waggon Gears.
All kinds of repairs and accessories for Ford Cars kept in
stock ; also Gasoline and Oil.
These goods are all bought for cash, hence I can give a close deal on any terms.
Is
Give us a call
G. A. HOWARD.
M A. McKikley,
Asst. Sec. Trees.
###PAGE###5###
THE EQUITY,
CHOOSING MUTTON.
Caution to Hunters
Are there New Rugs,
New Curtains, or any other New House Furnishings To provide this fall ?
Then you cannot spend an hour more profitably than looking over those lines with us.
Rugs for Everybody
When you want the beet x-ttluc for your
. money In ..
Any |H>r*on »*r |ier*ons found limiting | lutes to Guide Those Who Want to Be
Careful Buyers.
ill of Lot* XT, 38 ! Mutton Is generally considered tho Mid in tli*' 3rd range "t Thorne shall |most healthful meat and Is eaten by lie dealt with according to law.
FRED W. SCHWARTZ.
^ Weekly Journel devoted to local Interests.
Published every Thursday
\[ Shaw/ille, County Pontiac, Que.
f>r tn*M|Muwing with firearms on the rear half of Lot* 3ft. 3d
SHINGLES
at $1.65 per M- and up
AI»o Laths, Dry Lumber, Clapboards Flocring. End Matched Hardwood Floor Ing, Mouldings, Doors, etc., try
A. F. CAMPBELL,
box 455
many to the exclusion of any variety, wmsequently great care should be cx* Ureermount. [erclsed In the selection, and a little ------------| time should be given to (be study of
luality.
In buying mutton or lamb care should be taken to see that the fat is dear, bard and white, ns mutton with
Buh script ion, #1 a Yeah in Advance
tr All arrears must he paid up before •my p iper is discontinued.
o
Trespass Notice.
ADVERTISING HATES.
Legil advertising, 10cents per line for 1st insertion and 5 cents per line or each subsequent Insertion Business cards not exceeding one Inch inserted at $3.00 per year.
Local announcements Inserted at the rate of 8 cents per line for first Insertion and 3 cents for subsequent Insertions.
Commercial advertising by the month I I for longer periods Inserted at low rates which will he given on application.
Advertise men be received without Instruction* accompanying them will be Inserted until forbidden-and charged for accordingly.
Birth, marriage and death notices pub-label free of charge. Obituary poetry declined.
Wv, the undersigned proiierty holders |* i tin* t « * \\ i » -11 i ;, • .f l‘,i hereby !¦ -i l>id . all partie* from hunting, trapping, <„. *>ft or yellow fut indicates too long a
trespassing in any manner whatsoever I s,n*v *n c"*^ M,,>raSe* L might appear on the several lots hereinafter men a great quantity of fat on mutton tioned opiKwite otu names Anyone I	waste, but the lean part is
found doing no after this notice will l*e I mu<;h Juicier and more tender when dealt with as the law directs : -	|this Im 1 he case, so the wise housewife
makes purchases with this in view,
„	| The leg has the least fut In propor-
t* f! rlon to weight. Next comes the shoul-w ,! tier. The color of lean mutton Is a
n / deep red.
Arnprior. Ont
A
PROMPTLY SECURED
Price and selection in Tapestry and Velvet Squares are the pride of our House Furnishing section. From Small Mats to the Large Seamless Squares there is s wide choice of color and design. While prices are low.
In all r-ountr!e«. Aik for our INVENTORS AD VISER, which will be sent fr
MARION & MARION.
364 University St.. Montréal.
or
Thomas Sharin', Peter Doherty, Join) Farrell,
Lot X, “ 4,
Range 0
ft,
“ K A \
“ N. W. J 8 “ N. E. I h, “
HOMEMAKERS’ CLUBS.
TIME OF MEETING :
Roy Duff,
Johi Duff;
Archibald Steward,
John Anderson,
Stephen Smith,
Joseph Bean,
J. A< McGili*,
J. M. Ross,
Bristol, ()ctol>er 10, 191ft
Iamb is good to eat when a year 4* old and is much more digestible than u	r| other immature meat, much as veal or
ü	f, voting [>ork.	The wise housewife
«	„ knows the value of nutrition, so she
f. will hesitate about buying lamb mere* u f| ly because it Is In the market, ns it is generally expensive.
The meat of spring lamb should be
----- a clear pink, with plenty of pure white
fat.—New York Sun.

" H,
“ !> tV 10,
H,
“ I 'l and 13	“
JOB PRINTING.
Austin
First Tuesday,
Window Shades
All kinds of Job Printing neatly and •cheaply executed. Orders by mail promptly attended to.
Murrells - Second Wednesday, Elmside
Window Shades at 30, 40 and 50 cents each. These shades are 3 ft. wide and 0 It. long ; are mounted on good rollers and complete with brackets. Colors green and cream, in plain or with lace.
“ 14,
Second Wednesday, Bristol, - - First Thursday, Starks Corners, Second Thurs.
JOHN A. COWAN,
Publisher
Trespass Notice
Professional Cards.
FIRST ARMY MEDAL
We, the undersigned property-holders in the township of Bristol hereby forbid all parties flOtil limiting, trapping «.I I it Was Issued After Cromwell Defeated trespassing in any manner whatsoever on the several Lots hereinafter mentioned opposite our names
Wyman
Shawville • First Saturday, Yarm - Last Saturday,
of each month.
- First Friday,
I
the Scots In 1650.
DR. A. H. BEERS
__ «The first medal issued as a reward
I for military service was struck by or-found so doing nft»*r this notice will be|der of parliament to celebrate a vie-dealt with as the law direct> : —
Durable Linoleum
SURGEON DENTIST
Campbell* Bay • • Que.
Doctor of Medicine and Master of Surgery McGill University.
Doctor of Dental Surgery, University of Pennsylvania.
Licentiate of Dental Surgery, Quebec.
The two important features of pattern and quality are the two points which we keep in mind when ordering. So our Linoleums are of splendid thickness and finish, and designs for anywhere in the house.
tory of English troops over the Scotch. Lot 11, Range 7 When the news reached London that “ F b 10,	“	8 Cromwell had defeated the Scots at
“	7 Dunbar ou Sept. 3, 1G50, the house of
ft, “	7	commons Instructed Thomas Simon.
10,	“	7	chief engraver to the mint, to proceed
ft to Edinburgh and design a medal In 7 honor of the event, of which a leading
6	feature should be a portrait of the vie-ft torlous general.
N. E. £ 10,“ (i The result was a lifelike portrait of
7	Cromwell In profile, and over his head 7 is engraved the battle cry of his iron-
“ S W i 12, “	8	«Ides, ‘ The lord of hosts.” On the re-
“SE h 11, “	7	verso there is a wonderful représenta-
7 lion in miniature of the house of com-7 mons in session. This medal was given to nil officers and privates alike who fought In Scotland, but this democratic practice was discontinued till revived tu 1 Sir* at the suggestion of the Duke of Wellington for the troops under his command at Waterloo.—London Tele-
James McNally,
64	#4
Neil Doherty,
Thomas Telford,
Richard McCaffrey, “
•
I
M. B. Drummond, “
Hobt. W. Lucas,
44	U
Thou. A. ( )rr,
James McCaffrey,
James Alexander,
Sam Smiley,
It	44
Rich. A. McCaffrey, “	10,
Thos. Walsh,
William McCaffrey, “ pt. 13, Bristol, October 1, 1915.
9,
SYNOPSIS OF CANADIAN NORTHWEST LAND REGULATIONS
“U4 n.
7,
S. A. MACKAY
*6
part 5,
^ HE sole head of a family, or any male over Is years old . may homestead a quarter section of available Dominion land in Manitoba, Saskatchewan or Alberta, Applicant must appear in person at the Dominion Lands Agency or Subagency for the District Entry by proxy may be made at any Dominion Lands Agency (but not sub agency) certain conditions.
:: Js
0,
NOTARY PUBLIC
Shawvllle,
Pickling- Season
12,
12,
Que.
is now here and we are prepared to supply you with the Finest Vinegars and Pure Spices, without which your pickles cannot be a success.
R. MILLAR, L.L.L.
on

Duties.—Six months' residence upon and cultivation of the land in each of three years. A homesteader may live within nine mile of his homestead on a farm of at least «0 acres, on certain conditions. A habitable house is required except when residence is performed in in the vtclnlt In certain
ADVOCATE,
Bryson - - • Que.
Will visit Shawvyie every Saturday.
PUBLIC NOTICE
Province of Quebec,
Municipality of Clarendon.
îÿWic notice is hereby given by E. T. i	Antiquity of Fishing.
Hod gins, the undersigned Secretary- Probably no branch of Industry can I Treasurer of the aforesaid municipality lay claim to greater antiquity than that that the list of persons who according to of fishing. Its origin would seem to be the Valuation Roll of the said iminici- coeval with the earliest efforts of hu-pality now in force, have a right to vote man Ingenuity, for the oldest monu-at an election for a Member of the Leg- ! merits of antiquity show the fisherman itdative Assembly of this Province has j In full possession of the Implements of been prepared according to law. a duplicate of said list has been deposited in my office at the disposition and for the information of all {tersons in-• terested, and that on Monday, November 1st, at 10 o’clock,
y.
districts
graph
a homesteader in good stan ling may pre-empt a quarter section alongside hi homestead Price $3.00 per acre
Duties—Six months residence in each of three years after earning homestead patent ; also 30 acres extra cultivation. Pre-emption patent may he obtained as soon as homestead patent, on certain conditions.
A settler who has exhausted his homestead right may take a purchased homestead in certain districts. Price $3.00 per acre. Duties. — Must reside six months in each of three years, cultivate skilled in the fabrication of the hook, | acres and erect a house worth $300.
The area of cultivation is subject to re duclion in case of rough scrubby orstony land. Live stock may be substituted for cultivation under certain conditions.
D. R. BARRY, K.C.
C. F. HOGGINS CO
OCATE, AC
I
Offlce'and Residence
Campbells Bay, Que.
tW Visits Shawvllle every Saturday
Just Received !
A carload of Corrugated Iron Roofing
—which will be supplied at about old price
Roofing and Sheeting of all kinds
That j his calling, and even those tribes of savages which have learned neither to keep flocks nor to till the fields are
CEO. C. WRIGHT, K.C.
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, AC
the fish spear and the net The earliest civilization of the eastern Mediterranean was begun with fishing. Bidon, which means "fishery,” was originally a fishing village, and its enterprising Inhabitants devoted their attention mainly to the collection of n certain kind of mollusks, from which they prepared the famous tyrian purple, prized more highly for the richness and variety of its hues than any other dye known to the ancients.
a. to., in Hynes’ Hall, the Municipal Council will proceed with the revision and correction '.ii'1 list.
Given at Shaw ville this 1st day of October, 1913.
196 Main St. - Hull.
z XV. XV. CORY. C. M. G.,
Deputy of theMinister ofthe Interior.
N. B.—Unauthorized publication of this advertisement will not be paid for.
Supplied as customer." may require
Estimates furnished.
PHONE BELL
d. Ernest Caboury, LL. B.
ADVOCATE
BARRISTER & SOLICITOR
CAMPBELLS BAY, QUE.
Furnaces and Bathroom Outfits
Always on hand
E. T. HOGGINS,
Sec.-Tre.is
FARM FOR SALE.
A very desirable Property, lieing \W*"t Half of Lot No. 13, on the Sixth I!.mgc of the Township of Clarendon, containing 100 acres, more or less, ad-
wha wrote under pen names are the , joining the corporation of the village of
following: Mrs. Mary Ann Evans Cross Shawville. Comfortable dwelling house as George Eliot, Baroness Dudevant and all out buildings necessary on a as George Sand, Klara Mundt as Lou- . farm erected thereon. Two good wells isu Muhlbacb, Mrs. Cralk as Miss Mu- —one convenient to house and one con-lock, Charlotte Bronte as Currer Bell, j venient to stock yard. Gofwl orchard. Emily Bronte as Alice Bell, Mrs. Sarah Soil part clay and part loam. Will be Parton ns Fanny Fern, Abigail Unmll- I sold on easy terms. For further |*ar-ton Dodge ns Gail Hamilton, Mrs. Lip- ticulai ipply to —ï—ttl plncott as Grace Greenwood. Mrs. Ter-	JOHN G. McDOWELL,
hune as Marion Harland, Louise de	Box 294 Haileybury, Ont.
la Ramee as Oulda, Sarah Smith as Hcsba Stretton, Susan Warner as Elizabeth Wetherell, Miss Murfree as Charles Egbert Craddock, Alice French as Octave Thauet, Mrs. Elizabeth Akers Allen as Florence Percy, Laura
C. Redden as Howard Glyndon, Miss | McINTOSH RED APPLE TREES
Wooieey as Susan Coolidge.
GEO. E. WAINMAN
SHAWVILLE.
PUBLIC NOTICE
Province of Quebec,
Municipality of Shawville.
Public notice is hereby given by the undersigned Sec.-Treasurer of the Municipality of Shawville, in the County of Pontiac, that the Collection Roll of the said municipality is now made and complete for the current year, 1913. The said Collection Roll is deposited in the office of the undersigned See.-Treasurer. All parties wh«»>r names app'-.u therein
Call or telephone and I will handle your output I for the i»yment of any a**e.s«.
ment are required to pay tl unoont thereof to me, the undersigned, at my office, within the twenty days following the date of this notice.
Given at Shawville this 8th day of October, 1913.
Will be In Fort Coulonge every Wed nesday and Shawville every Saturday.
Women Author's Pen Names.
Among the noted women authors
I am now in a position to handle
and
CEORCE HYNES
Embalmer and Funeral Director
Main Street,Shawville.
Personalattention.Openall hours.
at the highest Market Prices.
promptly and efficiently.
AGENTS WANTED
undertaking |G. A. HOWARD, Dealer,
Que
8. E. HODGINK,
Sec.-Treos
—TO SELL—
Shawville
HAYES A FINDLAY
PUBLIC NOTICE
and other specialties In general Fruit ...	,	and Ornamental Nursery Stock.
As to Insulte.	We offer for the season of 1915 and 1916
The quotation “No gentleman would a splendid list of hardy varieties suitable t	Insult me; none other can,” is credited for Quebec planting.
Public Notice is hereby given to all | to John Quincy Adams, who is said---------------------------
r. snlent to bave made tbe reply when be was
householder* of this Municipality that told that a man bad spoken to him so
14M-	_______...	,	¦¦	. mm,	. the Collection Roll of .School Taxes a* rudely that he ought to send a chal-
H ShâWVllle S ITêW MUSIC Store	hy the School Lomm,s.s„mers ,.nge to a duel, and It la said almo to
I hréAW W v ¦¦¦W W mi V W ÉaftMWéV ** W* Vn | Gf this Municipality, ha* been made and ^ave ^)een use(| ^y senator W. H.
completed and that it now is and will &,*ard In a debate growing out of the remain in iny possession for inspection assault upon Senator Sumner by Pres-by iwrtie* interested during thirty days ton Brooks in 1856, but It is pointed from thin notice, during which time it ou^ that tbe quotation may he amended Any ratepayer may, A moral, sensible, well bred man during the maid delay, complain of much Will not affront me. and no other can
announces the opening of his New Music Store I Tmt^S h^^%"wi'tT'or'Zlh:	“v,™
SHAWVILLE
MAIN STREET
(opposite J. H. Shaw's.)
Province of Quebec School Muniei|*ality of Clarendon
All calls will receive prompt personal attention.
Liberal commission*. Exclusive territory. Handsome free outfit. Write for full particulars.
J. V. FINDLAY
W. J HAYES.
•It
STONE AND WELLINGTON
Fonthill Nurse:les.) (Established 1837».
k .
TORONTO
ONTARIO.
CANADIAN
^ PACIFIC
RAILWAY CO.
Homeseekers’
Excursions
BALLY E. HORNER
Heifer Astray
Strayed on to my premises a bo* KM# of May last, a yearling heifer, black. Owner niav have the same by paying penses and removing the animal at once.
JOHN ROB1TAILLE.
Murrell"
t 15th
ex
out amendment, at the meeting of the
Commissioners to take place on Satur	Those Were the Times,
day the 16th day of October 1915, in The first of our line. Sir Higgled/ the office of the Amet Secretary Treasurer, Plggledy, founded the family fortunes UCIP PDOTFPT in the village of Shawville, at the hour with a grist mill be ran.”	¦ FW I fcw I
of ten in tbe forenoon ; hut much delay	-When did be run this grist mill 7“
e expired, it shall come into force, and	-Back In 1560 or thereabouts."
every person interested after having "Ob, yea. IT# often beard that those taken cognizance thereof, if he so de were tbe times when knighthood was by reporting at once to the undersigned
sired, .hall pay the amount of hi. taxes |„ fl«Mir."-LouUvlll, Cvurter-JoeraaL lny ,ioUtion of the Oam, Law you be-to the undenugued at her office within	— -¦ ¦	'	.	...	.	7	„
the twenty day a following the said de	0uflht to	come aware of. Liberal compensât,.,0
thirty days, without further	| perfected It"	nr Ct>nirictiDK eridence. All cor-
“What la the InventionV	reepoodence strictly private and confi
“le case your auto hits anything this dental.
device
on the Corner, opposite the New Post Office
Everything up-to-date in
Music, Pianos, Organs and Victrolas
THE DEER.
TO
M&mtob#, Saskatchewan, Alberta.
Good going every Tuesday, March to Octooer, 1915 iuclnsive.
Return limit two months from date of sale.
And other Game during Cloee Season
All the Latest Records kept in stock.
We would be pleased to have a call W <>t
notice.
Given at Shawville this 15th day of September 1913.
For further partie*
Can. Pac. Ry. Agent.
N.McCUAIC
kee a cloud of smoke for
RALLY E. HORNER.
M. A. McKiNLEY,	lyo* to get sway In. No chance for
Asst Secty Tree*. I identification.” - Lon lav lli# Courier-	Hr y.on. Janearv 19U.
Prov Game Warden-
K. J. HEBERT
1st Asst. Goal
1. Que.
###PAGE###6###
!
ü
What's In A Name”?
Well, i! the name is ^
JU
SITUATION IN THE BALKANS
IS
fljSSsv
. QzlVtVfSSWfl
^yiucHâmr^ ”'*
The Vicar’s Nephew ;

1
\



/

or The Orphan’s Vindication
t-v
*
N
11
•r .
ffillîHîilfi

%

KRACUJtYATZ
ilpB

NISH
il
II
3W

îHru
K'uthf*»! t
ê»
!»
Jack turned with a shrug of his shoulders, and left the room, whistling. Mrs. Raymond followed, glancing nervously at her husband.
“It's no use our trying to hide the skeleton in our family cupboard away from you/’ said the Vicar, turning to his visitor with a sigh has been forced upon your notice, against our will. My nephew’s bad disposition has been a heavy cross to Mrs. Raymond and myself; the heaviest with which it has pleased Providence to afflict us.”
“He may grow out of this wilfulness in time,” the doctor ventured, consolingly. “After all, many very good men have been naughty boys.”
“Naughty, yes; but unhappily it is not mere childish naughtiness that we have to contend with in my ne-
CHAPTER I.—(Cont d).
He sent Molly away, and then began a laborious apology for the wickedness of Jack, the “devil's limb.”
Weeing how much he took the matter to heart, the visitor cut him short good-humoredly, giving his own version of the story, as of a mere schoolboy prank, and turned the conversation to other subjects.
Presently tea was brought in, and together with it came Mrs. Raymond, a stout, submissive, motherly woman, older than her husband, with indefinite eyebrows plaintively raised in an arch of chronic surprise. Her black gown was the perfection of neatness, and not a hair of her head was out of place. Molly, in a clean white pinafore, the thick curls carefully brushed
to her aunt. An	an of peactfid	do	lie	looked into the tire for a little	would	have infuriated him had the
festicity seemed	to	entu xyth	th	while. then aaded with a gesture of	double	meanings but been intelligible
woman and child. Ihe Imad,	. resignation : “If Timothy has not al- to his ignorance. When his back was
and cake were too good not to u rcndy tol(1 you tfie	wretched story you turned the gang would shriek with
home made; and when, after‘tea, M s. are sure to hear it	soon from some of laughter at the incongruity of a
Raymond sat down by the yindo\ U the vjnage gossips. Jack inherits leader in wickedness too “green” to finish emhioulering a frock fi * t. >, from his mother a character which understand Rob Pol wheal's jokes. It the visitor saw that she was no < s. gcems ^capable of reform, its vices was perhaps as much the general en-excellent a needkvwman than act . are so deeply rooted. Neither per- joyment of a comic situation as the She was also iliaritable, as appeaitd suasion nor firmness has any effect fear of his big fists which saved him
Sstt^oMilo%:s:^m7gC! '%,!%%% had nearly for
8 i^Tnhpw buffCr	l)etutcn husband j	Ag	80on us he could, Dr. Jenkins	pure joy in fighting as for any senti-
sj	made	his escape from the house. He	mental	reason. Nevertheless, he in-
aiMpa
A ,	/	* Vicar's nephew.”	thing not quite healthy. Singularly ior a iew snuimgs, sum iv iur « k“‘- | tor doing something in this war
°“Wp Vr '« vorv «nrrv that v <h ,1,1 *n the garden was a shed used for	enough, this subtle instinct of repul-	nea, and then learnt from the papers	which	would have won you a Victoria
have h'ld anv* annovance ‘ But we storing fire-wood. Passing beside it	sion had never yet warned him	a few days later that he had lost over	; Cross	in one of the little wars
l r,1. M A v m	? h Ly rnn.l v iZ 1“ a huge chunk of bread in one hand ed down the lane with his eyes on orchard “Justinian s Laws was dis- previous campaigns
;.K ; (	‘(	i j 1	»» 'rv' and a sour green cooking-apple, prob- the ground; he did not share the gen- covered amongst a collection of old, blue eyes, bland blue eyes. These two
Tonkins rut in *“I carded the whole ably a remnant of	yesterday’s loot, in oral high spirits. The responsibilities	long-forgotten	books.	This	book,	understood	each	other
thing really as a joke and should ^ other. He was	devouring the two of his profession weighed heavily	printed by	the	famous	Caxton,	our	“If	you	don't	drop	it, why it's all
yp/c	y % ZTIZLZZ Z "T* ^
* •	« «pnt air«	4#Xi»c^pthpr nirnin99 he muttered One of the most vftluftblt hooks in We did not drop it.
Vicai"U,‘birt l'nlver'"overtook'™ rf!	The imp gl'anced at him laconically	looking after the two big boys as they	existence is the famous Mazarine	“And when you throw it. sir. you
fence ”	and took another bite out of the up-	walked off arm in arm.	Bible, which was published in the	must look out and not hit the man beC “Good Heavens what a piled-up ac-	ple* Tke deliberate crunching sound	“They're always huggermuggering	fifteenth century. In 1911, at the	hind and knock the bomb out of your
count there must be against that Slt V1** doctor’s teeth on edge.	over something,” said the curate, com-	dispersal of the Huth library, one of	hand.	That has happened before now
bov!” thought the doctor. He turn- P°U.H k*ve..a stomach ache if you	in g up behind him. Mr. Hewitt turn-	the greatest of modern book collec-	to an	absent-minded fellow when you
ssr-ÜST»	- 3-mjk«t
fairly well informed He took a great first/ .	think the Vicar suspects anything?” rarity and the fame of the author, gested.
interest in local philanthropic and	7* ;|oef*n t seem to affect your np-	“I’m certain he doesn’t; he’d have	First editions, as a rule, command	“Yes, sir, I’ve read things like that
pious enterprises, particularly in mis-	1>eVte:' , ...... .	turned the place inside out. You	the greatest price. But there are other	in some of the accounts of the report-
sions. He was giving the visitor an . ' at k shrugged his > <>i' hos anti know how severe he 18 about any- considerations to which connoiseurs ers who write from ‘Somewhere in
“§#5 muff imsm mmm
“Jack'” called the Vicar rlsimr m<l dvaf’ do. makc haste an'1 K° inî >’our and ignorant, and it was not fair to cent.	advise delaying your decision, sir, or
opening the door of the room. “Come un«lf Wl11 hke. 80	. .. press her so.”	An author’s autograph on the fly- perhaps when you reach down to pick
in here. Molly, my dear,” he added,	. ^ caiî^ht	s,ght .of t"e >’,sltm"	(To	be continued.)	leaf of his book adds considerably to	it up neither your hand nor the bomb
esse sissexr“ % af'HS __________________________________________._____	ss.: ; sss Wd h*~ - -
Mind you change your pinafore, |)crs w|1Pn \ get a licking."	Oscar Wilde, R. L. Stevenson, Lewis “Have you ever been hurt in your
*.!7,*, i .:‘yLmn\v* Î!h‘ ' "nu	“You don't, I suppose?”	NVNOBIK1	WATERFALL.	Carroll, George Meredith, and Ed-	handling of bombs?” one asked. Sur-
Jack udv*re have vou been to get into “I?,> saitl :T,ack’ with ? eontemptu-	- ward Fitzgerald are worth anything prise in the bland, blue eyes.
. jVlt	y	g	IS stare, *Tm not an old woman. Is	Cataracts Illuminated Render from twenty-five shillings upwards.
with°his^luimls‘in°hpockets^He^ok	nrT him	111 ^ ^ ^	Many	Rainbow Hues.	Poerns^*' publishÏÏTn BostonÏ °\mt
in the situation at a glance, and stop- /,	•	*	, « f tf	A sight in the summer life of Japan wa8 picked up at a bookstall for a few |**ved if you treat them right. It s all
wïssmsîju sir	s s-wl - —
EEHEBE2sutRSttcbye	rrç	,,h ,
sa&ttüp&îs -.6, ns£ swj? a-“x	T ...
family could be cursed with.	!wetn the two ®t.or'es- f."d scrambled each case out of the hill above and burne rend the nocm. and came back dl"carded- but 1 bought that you
•Do you remember this gentle- in	/.n “th? vi.it falling down thc K«rge to a whirling next ,lay for more conies. The stall- might like to see it. Never did like
man?” asked the Vicar, with omin- • d* nair 1 ^	^ f pool below. It is reached by an easy, fceeper asked twopence. In a few lt- Always making trouble!
OU",mn?p?süre- v.	“What am I to do with him” she binding climb up the cliffs, and by davs the few remaining copies sold More distance between the audience
“I’ll bet he remembers me, any- gai(|”Mal am 10 ao mm ' 8ne day reveals beautiful views.	fo; a -uinea.
way, said Jack. Heard in a room.	At night thc vision along the cliffs
Th, ™ - , 1 % st»ll cheerfully trvintr to avert the The b°y8 came trooping out from trees—and the thousands and thou-
guthering storm. ' “Como here and “hool. It was a half-holiday and a sands 0f gaily clad women and chil-
shake hands, boy, to show there's no glorious midsummer afternoon, and dren visitors shepherded by the ill feeling	every one, or almost every one, was
Jack looked at him silently from :	"Pirit8- J**» Greaves, the
3 arffirtfn*
eyes. “Your aunt and I have a polo- cd arm m arm with his special friend, go among the trees in a bewitching gised for you, as you have not done it Robert Polwhwl, “the lamb,” so call- way. The single light, says the Kobe for yourself.”	ed for bis habit of bullying the little Chronicle, which illuminates the highjack approached the visitor in his ?ncs-	two hoys were not popular er fau wj]j perhaps appeal to many
srti, "*ü	ïAbtir sJtsvic ——-u«"“
his pocket.	others, a good many things were for- . .	.,	^	.	. ..
the °ther handr aaked rât7n	r/nbo/Xy L re'garM^rtiicS
“Can't”	life at Porthcarrick had induced them j Nevertheless, the general effect is at-
“What have you done to yourself to join Jack Raymond’s gang of lar- tractive, and the surprising coolness now?” asked Mrs. Raymond, with a rikina, which enrolled boys of various Qf the gorge after a blazing day must pathetic, unconscious emphasis on characters, sizes, and social ranks; tempt many to linger there and enjoy
sr si	& srMS wfa »- —“ b> ^ —
new jacket!”	kept them fairly submissive to or-
“Take your hand but of your ders. Yet neither of them had »ny "ected. pocket,” said the Vicar. His voice natural gift for marauding, and To any one who knows China, it is was growing sharp with suppressed there was small love between them impossible not to draw a comparison Irritation.	. and Jack; they still remembered, favorable to the Japanese in viewing
The hand, when unrolled from a though they pretended to forget, how the crowd. Entrance to the gorge is dirty, blood-stained handkerchief, laat year ne had fought them, one p^f^tly free, yet the thousands flock-
jri-TiWL.- -
“Climbing oa Headman’s	Cliff.”	both	of them as much pommelling as	conduct of the great crowd is orderly
“Where you have	been strictly	for	they	cared to have; and had then	and marked by a sense of quiet en-
bidden to go?”	gone	cheerfully home with a swollen	joyment Such a
‘ one eye hanged up to be.	most impossible in China, and until
thrashed by his uncle for ** of personal cleanliness can

80>ll ~
ms*

9 NOVI BAZA*
v /V b<iKl/0
NBOROX
ÇyjLASIH J Q to A
a»V,,S"
SUuTh
B7S
it means irreproachable quality and value.
*..» M.hti,
|e>Adrianoiÿ«-
m

\

USMJ8 °	’
Vv,D ««T»
/ 6
It
i.ll

'-tv'
O *"•>#
M**ot
r

MOMSTIH
SOLDIERS LIKE BOMB-THROWING
When a bombing party bombs its way into the possession of a section of German trench there are Germans under cover of the traverses on either side of them. The German is waiting around the corner to shoot the first British head that shows itself.
“It's important that you, and not the Bosches, chuck the bombs over first,” explained the subaltern. “Also that you get the bombs into their traverse or they may be as troublesome to you as the enemy.”
With the bombs bursting in their faces the Germans who are not put out of action are blinded and stunned. In the moment when they are thus off guard the aggressors leap around the corner.
“And then?”
“Stick 'em, sir!” said the matter-of-fact sergeant. “Yes, the cold steel is best And do it first. As Mr. Mac-Pherson said, it's very important to do it first.”
Handy W ork with Cold Steel.
It has been found that something short is handy for this kind of work. In such cramped quarters—a ditch six
T*
09
Salon ic
o

o

The map shows how Bulgaria'# entrance Into the war would favilltato the man'll of the tiermun allies to the aid of Turkey. (îvrmaii forces are now said to he bom himling Serbian ; positions on tin* frontier, while Bulgaria is also moUUiiliig troop* on the eastern f routier.
ANARCHISTS’ WEAPON BECOMES HIGHLY RESPECTABLE.
WATCH THAT OLD BOOK
Sharp Work With Cold Steel, Short Weapon Preferred, Follow# Target Practice.
There May Be a Small Fortune in Some Musty Volume.
The next time you are tempted to throw away that old book, take some expert advice as to its value. It may be worth its weight in gold.
A few years ago the butler of Thor-beck Hall, Lincolnshire, sold an apparently worthless old book to a pedlar for nincpence. A chemist who bought it from the pedlar for three shillings disposed of it to a bookseller for £2. Eventually the book— Dame Juliana Berners’ “Boke of St. Albans”—realized £420, says London Answers.
One can sympathize with the people
It was at a bombing school on a French farm, where chosen soldiers brought back from the trenches were being trained in the use of the anarchist’s weapon, which has now become as respectable as the rifle. Specialism j develops as the war goes on. There arc no M B. degrees for Master Bombers yet; but that may come, any day, writes a correspondent at British headquarters.
Present was the chief instructor, a young Scotch subaltern with blue eyes, a pleasant smile, and a “cock who unwittingly let such a tidy	sum	the north” spirit.	He might have	feet deeP and *rom two to three	feet
slip through their fingers. But	the	been 20 years old,	though he did not	broad—the rifle is an	awkward length
bookseller who bought a copy of	the	look it. On his breast was the purple	to permit of prompt	and skillful	use
first edition of Swift’s works at	the	and white ribbon	of the new order the bayonet.
sale of a deceased nobleman's library 0f the Military Cross, which you get “^es, sir, you can mix it up better
with something handy, sir—to think British soldiers would come to fighting like assassins, sir,” said the sergeant “You must be spry on such occasions. It’s no time for wool-gathering.”
Not a smile from him or the subaltern all the time. They were the kind you would like to have along in a tight comer whether you had to tight with knives or fists *or 17-inch howitz-
were matters of
curious physical shrinking from any- sa,e 01 R (loceasea nooieman s m rary 0f the Military Cross, which yo thing not quite healthy. Singularly for a few shillings, mold it for a gui- for doing something in this for enough, this subtle instinct of repolit sion had never vet warned him
He, too, had
ers.
The sergeant took us into the storehouse where ho kept his supply of ^ bombs. -
“What if a German shell should strike your storehouse?” it was suggested.
“Then, sir, I expect that most of the bombs would be exploded. Bombs are very peculiar in their habits. What do you think, sir?”
It was no trou be to show stock, as the clerks at the stores say. He brought forth all the different kinds of bombs which British ingenuity has invented—but, no, not all invented. These would mount into the thousands. Every British inventor who knows anything about explosives has tried his hand at a nei# kind of bomb.
One means all the kinds which the British War Office has considered
mil
worth a practice test.
There were yellow and green and blue and black and striped bombs, egg-shaped, barrel-shaped, conical and concave bombs; bombs that were exploded by pulling a string or pressing a button
11 these to be thrown by , hand, without mentioning grenades “Oh, no, sir! Bombs arc well be- | and other bigger varieties which were
thrown by mechanical means which would have made a Chinese warrior of Confusious’ time or a Roman le-Meanwhile he was jerking at some gionary feel at home.
Being Courteous to Bombs
+~
GERMANS MUST TAKE BATHS
Rule Applies to All Teutons in Russian Prison Camps.
Side lights on the life of Russia’s prisoners in the Siberian detention camps are given in a letter received by an English merchant in Moscow, a translation of which is printed in a London newspaper.
“At the present time,” says the letter, “we have 14,000 prisoners on our books—0,000 in the villages and 8,000
and the performer.
“Now I’ve got it, sir—get down,
sir!”
The audience carried out the instructions to the letter, as army regulations require. We got behind thc protection of one of thc practice trench traverses. He threw the dis-
The lanterns to be hung at every carded bomb beyond another wall of j in town. A further transport of 10,-house in the cities of the empire at earth. There was a sharp report, a 000 prisoners will be taken in within the time of the coronation will differ burst of smoke, and some fragments a month.
in design. In Kyoto the lantern will of earth were tossed into the air. I “The Germans are kept separate be large and elliptical, with two let- In a small affair of 200 yards of from the other nationalities. For two tors, said to be copies of those written trench the other day it was estimated hours in the morning the prisoners by an Imperial Prince, denoting con- that the British and Germans, toge- are allowed to take gymnastic exer-i gratulations. On either side of the ther threw about 6,000 bombs in this cises, to play games, sing, or play , letters will be two suns. In Tokio. the fashion. It was enough to sadden any music. Gardening is also allowed, shape of the lanterns will be similar Minister of Munitions. However, the The prisoners may smoke in places
especially allotted. They get the same food as our Russian soldiers. “Every fortnight a Russian bath is
LANTERNS FOR CORONATION
Japan Preparing Different Shapes for
Coming Ceremony.
more
sombre-clad men, give the traveller two distinctly delightful sensations
•>
on the lower fall, and the lamp-rays
and the same two letters will be used. British kept the trench.
But on either side of the letters will “Do the men like to become bomb-be pictures of a raven and a golden ers?” one asked the subaltern, kite. In Osaka, the lanterns will also “I should say so. It puts them up provided, and every one must make bear the two letters/ but the design ! in front. It gives them a chance to use of it. This time of the year the

*
has not been decided on; in other	throw something—and they don’t get	prisoners	go	to	bathe in the river at
cities and towns the lanterns will bear	much cricket in France, you see. We	least	once a	month,
the two letters with pictures of flow- had a pupil here last week who broke
|the throwing record distance. He Kigo Kozaburo, coronation commis- was pleased as punch with himself, sioner, was ordered recently to go to À flrst-class bombing detachment has Kagowa and Aicha prefectures, where a lot of pride of corps.” are the Yuki rice fields, to inspect the
fields and erect two halls in which the	with the army as to bayonet “We
ceremony of nulling out the rice will	bombed them out” means a section of
be held. The halls will be built along ^trench taken. As you know, a trench old construction methods, the timbers Is dug and built with sandbags in will be black, and brushwood fences zigzag trav
will surround the halls. Grass will be course of • trench It Is as If you foi-used for the roofs. Seventy of the lowed the sides of the squares of a bent shake, or red salmon, ordered by
square itself is a bank of earth with thr cut on either side and in front of it
refreshment booths that have been
The letter says the Germans are denied certain privileges accorded to the other prisoners, but the treatment of all is good. No prisoner needs to work more than five hours a day. The sanitary conditions are considered satisfactory. The officers get BO rubles ($26} monthly and must provide their own food. Each house has a kitchen and there is a servant t every five officers. All
ers
To bomb became as common a verb
plaints of
In following the
would he ml

mediately attended to, and those who are guilty are punished.
“Oh, Jack,” said the aunt helpless-1 as usua ly, “how can you be so disobedient îw| fighting The X tear took out the black book ' Since then d made another entry.	, with the r* ;>?-1 .	¦ I
“Go to your room and wait till I captain; and had indu v* -me." was all be maid.	cret Ul-will only by making
be Introduced among the swarming
tier of squares. The
had treated him ue to so warlike a
their , in his

millions of that country, we are afraid the Japanese will continue to look Hokkaido, for use at the coronation, down upon their neighbors as Inferior, were brought to Tokio lately.
Coquettes are like
fixed when they
rusty.
###PAGE###7###
National Duty in War


» :
«e*
GERMANY SEIZED BRITISH AIR IDEA





¦m

A





9
From The Round Table.



II.
the Army Üaelf, where the leaders recognize that they, and they alone, are responsible for policy, and issue orders knowing that they will be obeyed, and the rank and file realize that they cannot stop to discuss the wisdom or otherwise of particular instructions, but that they must obey them promptly, however dangerous or exacting they may be. In this war the larger half of the army is in the mines, the workshops, and the fields at home. If the national effort is to be successful as a whole, it will be because our leaders are resolute and strong and because every section of the people, at home or in the field,' carries out that fraction of service which falls to its lot with loyalty and determination to the end.
This raises at once the contentious



-
jgmljjsj
IMPROVED AEROPLANE URGED TWO YEARS AGO.
Service For All.


4' MS
€ Off
xr
I - !#< ?» t i
tes
m«
London, Eng., Sept. 22.—The first and most obvious step is to introduce a new spirit into the conduct of public affairs. In ordinary times the real ruler of the country is public opinion, slowly evolved under the ceaseless hammer of political controversy, and slowly passed into law through the ponderous machinery of Parliament.
The Government of the day is composed of party leaders primarily concerned to carry into effect a tertain programme of reform, and the people obey them because they are part of the constitutional machinery rather than because they command any authority in themselves. War introduces us to a new world. Speed and I subject of military service. In order efficiency, secrecy and the withholding to mobilize the whole available man-of information useful to the enemy, hood of the country for military pur-ore essential to success. Public opin- poses, should we resort to compulsory ion is, therefore, dethroned, for it has , methods of enlistment? To this ques-neither time nor material with which tion there can only be one answer, to formulate sound judgments. This Whether or not it is required the Gov-1 imposes upon both Government and ernment, which knows the facts and people a totally new set of responsi- the need, alone can decide. But if it bilities. It requires of the Govern- judges such a measure necessary, then ment a new quality of leadership, and we have no option but to give it the of the people a new kind of loyalty powers it asks. The function of the and obedience.	community in the matter is not to
The Government for the time being force the hand of the Government one is in the position of dictator. It alone way or the other, but to make it un-has full knowledge. It is freed from derstand that it is willing to accept criticism of the usual destructive and any method of enlistment for military embarrassing kind. Unless it takes service which it considers necessary upon itself to act on its own initiative, to win the war.
unless it proposes, regardless of popu- There has, in the past, been much larity or outcry, any and every mea- misunderstanding about national mili-surc which it may consider necessary tar y service of this kind. On the one
to win the war, unless it insists on hand it has been treated as though it i Condemning the readiness nf Amer	,	e„ w
prompt and complete obedience to the involved the permanent Introduction ia to swsinnw the hvMterieallv , v couragements of censorship, there Mr. Benjamin A. Gould, an Ameri-i plane, are driven by two engines national law, it is failing to discharge of Continental conscription. The mea- ! aro‘.rat 'i tale. hrmiJht hnme hJ have recently appeared in the field of can resident of Toronto, who from the each driving a separate propeller, the functions of a national executive, sure which may be necessary in order tourists regarding the dnmetre dnne	journalism several interesting first has ably championed the cause
In time of war the primary duty of to complete the mobilization of a na- :	pngland hv fermon	Tun and audacious newcomers. These are of the Allies with voice and pen, has
the Government is to govern, and this	tional army,	by far the greater part	w	«	o. .	intimai *nv«-P«-Wh»t	,,n.	the newspapers published by soldiers	a letter in The New York Sun in
is a responsibility which it can neither	of which is	already voluntarily	en-	j	i:	this	hvatpria? Whnt	..	j in the trenches and sailors at sea. A	! which he outlines the purpose of Ger-
escape nor share.	listed, ought not, and indeed cannot, fh f	%	. , Q(ir;nllaiv 1 unique venture is the Maidstone1 many, and expresses deep dissatisfac-
But if the Government is to act as have anything to do with military f .. f	Magazine, with which is incorporated tion with the action of the United
it should the people on their side must organization after the war. That is	t* . omifh nn , !. /V.	, * ' the Pandora Piffle and the Alecto Ar- States thus far. He sees in Gcr-
give it loyalty and obedience, and that an entirely separate question, and it %	'	, f,	.	P ? ffus, whose editor and contributors many's efforts an attempt to impose
means that they must voluntarily put	I» one which	will be determined	not	Th	, ,	. . y "	.	,	,	are all officers of the Eighth Sub-	on world a dynastic autocracy, a
themselves under orders till the end of	by any Acts	we may pass now,	but	,	«urselve** Afu*r* fiftv* ; - „°U	*	marine Flotilla. It contains a little	doctrine of might, a philosophy of
the war.—No body of men can co- I by our success or failure in the war	within mir	\ i.	* ° news and a great deal of jollity and force- He sees in it an assault upon
operate for a common purpose if each I itself. The one thing which would £	» t •	. , , n °[( ®..*\ we nonsense, including an amusing par- theory of democracy, to the devel-
one is free to work or not as he make conscription certain would be . w	‘ , .re" ody of Lewis Carroll—“Alice	in ' °pment of which the freer nations
chooses, and to choose what work he the triumph of the Prussian ideals of 8p *	, 1 . i exaggerated îm- Eighth p|oti|ja Land.”	have given the best part of two cen-
should do. They must elect an execu- force and war.	£ eetimatathe aanctitvof humln The undersea journalists are rival- Juries. He sees that W«HL neutral
live committee and give it the power On the other hand, compulsory ser- ...	...	iv , r,. ed by those who ride the billows in- natlon 13 vitally interested in ....
to allot the work between all accord- vice has been objected to on the '..	w /“ u / PJa* stead of diving under them. Several thin*s for which the A1Iics arc fi£ht"
at	snxss rss °rr F r'FF T Fv™	ïkjs
feat its enemy. And only so can a willing people by force. That is im- do not suffer from hysteria It is our . P nre-emiiZt	P ca’s sacred traditions, at everything
nation make war to the utmost of its possible in a democratic country. No [^turning tourists who read their own ,	» j	h t	Wk that ra*8es man alxive the well-fed
capacity. If It means business in the j Government could survive, even in hysteria into conditions upon which	'	• '	cattle or the comfortable sheep. This
war it must freely and of its own war, which proposed to undo in any they are not fitted to pass an opin- ! to	clear-thinking American continues:
accord, submit itself to the irksome way the constitutional work of the lon> . For p‘aln speaking on Ameri- •	P, .. . v	“Yet against this purpose of Germany,
restraints of national discipline. Mr. last two hundred years and put power 8ln8 wc to go to American j ^ time there » anytiiink doin aga^^ this attack on the soul of the
Lloyd George, speaking on July 29th, back permanently into autocratic newspapers The better class Pre®s |.	, T inn Titrpr oml TnHnm- worId, against this endeavor to poi-
enunciated this principle with great hands. National military service in- *he United States is holding the '	,	,. , *	... son not only ourselves but our future
clearness:-	volves on act of a totally	different	Pacifist and pro-German element*	| ta (bull), whatever kind of ammile	generations the Government of the
“Wc have [he said] but one ques-	kind. It is one which only the people	throughout the	country pretty well	that may be-always gets a look in	united States has not said one word,
tion to ask ourselves—we of all ranks,	themselves can enact. It	can be	ln cb<‘vk.	an oes some ing, w ereas e re-	^one 0£ |tg protests has been based
of all grades, and all trades. Are we brought into force only if the people	--------*-------- maindcr of us merely takes the part upon the higher and morc commanddoing enough to secure victory, be-1 declare by a deliberate Act of Parlia-	° a"-ince.	ing necessity of maintaining the or-
cause victory means life for our coun- ment that, as a nation, they authorize FRENCH SODIER AND WIFE.	'ven * e ^of he Benzine Lan- deriy evolution of nations. Nothing
try? It means the fate of freedom the Government to take the necessary	~—	cers—motor transport-makes itself has l)een aa;d to show that it ^ould
for ages to come. There is no price	steps.	Tins Touching	Little Story Comes	beard through a special organ; andjno^ regard with equanimity the vie- j
which is too great for us to pay that Such a measure, however, though	From Paris.	more than one enterprising little Brit- tory 0f the German cause so long as
is within our power. There is too voluntarily accepted by the nation, M H . rnnlnnH »	^^eet, published just behind the jn achieving it the German methods
much disposition to cling to the amen- imposed by popular consent, does y , Vr i	' trenches somewhere in Prance, con- djd not interfere with American lives
ities of peace. Business as usual, en-	involve two things. It ends	tempor-	*al® in Q.nd I I	tam8' al°ng Wlth ,t8 "6WS an<1 n°n*	or Properties.”
joyment as usual, fashions, lockouts, arily the voluntary system, so far as	rr	LTZiiU ' sense, advertisements of concerts, pn- Writing still as an indignant
strikes, ca' canny, sprees - all as	military service is concerned, and with	tneKed Cross service, tells a	vate theatricals, wrestling and boxing	American. Mr. Gould concludes: “The
usual. Wages must go up, profits	it the fundamental merit of the sys-	toJ,c.h,n* bttle story about a	French	matches, and football games organiz-	Lusitania and the Arabic call us in
must also improve, but prices must at tern, that it places the responsibility	rar“ who deliberately hid ed among the men. In all the papers, clarion tones to abandon our slothful
all costs be kept down. You will for- for judging where his duty lies, and and ,et h,s train *° Wltb°at him- anecdotes of the lighter side of mili- ease and vindicate our liberties; much
give me, I am sure, for speaking quite for doing it, squarely on the individual WftS 111 w,;|\ bronchitis, had been tary life abound. Here are a few of louder and more resonantly, although	I
plainly. No man must be called upon —a responsibility usually only exer- able to eat nothing for four days, and them:	! perhaps less distinctly, comes the call on “Lizzie” and ships of her class as
to serve the State unless he wants	cised in national affairs at the ballot	was freely able to stand.	“The skipper of a trawler arrived	0f mankind and of the generations to	the	larffest	naval	guns	ever made
to; even then he has only to be called	box. It also involves a temporary in-j	1 esme upon him an hour	or so	alongside in his dinghy last week,	come that we make the great sacrifice	but	British	war	boats	carried bigger
upon to do exactly what he would like j terference with the normal liberty of	afterward, stretched in the straw, says	having a German mine in tow,” re-	to secure to them the conditions of	¦ *uns in the earlV days of the hard
to do—not what he is fit for, not what * action of the citizen. But there are , Mr. Copland, the only one in all the	portfl a naval correspondent. “The	freedom of individual development to	ware	The old Inflexible had
he is chosen for, but what he himself times when it is necessary to sacrifice	£reat» gloomy train shed. He seemed	worthy man's reply to urgent requests	which they are entitled.” Elsewhere	f°ur 80-ton guns of 16-inch calibre,
would like to do. A man who could ' liberty temporarily in order that it	8<> weak that I went to one of the doc-	not to bring the thing too close was,	in the letter he expresses the hope	Nearly 30 years ago the British navy
render more service by turning out may be preserved in the long run.	tors and asked if I could not have him	all right, sir. I've knocked the	that his country will soon be in the	bad 110-ton guns, 16.25 inches in
munitions must be allowed to go to Every soldier who has enlisted in this	for our hospital. The doctor was furi-	»()rns 0g wjv a boat hook.’ ”	war against the barbarians. This	calibre, and these were the most pon-
the front if he prefers to, and the man ' war has sacrificed his personal liberty,	ous at me for cutting in. He said it	Two brief dialogues were sent in to	may not be the general wish of Cana-	<lerous ship's guns ever made. But
who would be better at the front must ' and subjected himself to a most irk-, was the man’s own fault, and he compete for the leather medal offer- dians, but undoubtedly millions of the 17-inch navy gun is coming, be allowed to stay at home if he feels some discipline, in order that a great would have to lie there until to-mor- etl by a journal published in Flanders: Americans think with Mr. Gould. :	That reminds us that the world
more comfortable there. Freedom, af- I cause may be served thereby; and in row and another train, and ordered \ discontented soldier complaint to	went very well in the good old days
ter all, implies the right to shirk, a national crisis it may be necessary me to leave him alone. But I went an orderly officer about the dust and	-------*-------- when ships of war thumped away at
Freedom implies the right for you to for a whole people to do the same, back when the doctor was gone and dirt in his rations.	Planned to Reriornrate	each other's wooden topsides with
enjoy and for others to defend. Is ] The state itself is not organized on	talked with him. The man fairly	Orderly Officer, severely—Didn’t	Long Tom, who was only a round-
that freedom?	j the voluntary principle. People are	broke down, and, as well as his aw-	you enlist to fight for your country? I	“M’ell, what	can I do for you,	butted son-of-a-gun of a 32-pounder,
“War is like a fever, a deadly fe- - not given any option about obeying, ful cold and weakness would let him, Discontented Soldier_Yes, but I	asked Jones as t#ie colored and Tom’s numerous family, long and
in your veins, and the rules which the ordinary law. The State, liberty, he explained. He was perfectly crazy didn’t enlist to eat it.	waiter who usually served him at the short, the smallest member of which
are applicable in health are utterly , civilization itself, would cease to exist to see his wife, and she lived in Paris. The second dialogue takes place be- restaurant entered his office.
unsuited to a fever. Restraints which unless the law, representing the* com- Nothing else mattered. Being at last tween an infantryman and a motor	got a chance to change mah tennis ball. Men fought just as mer
would be irksome, stupid and unneces- i mon judgment about social relations	jn the same town, he could not get in	mechanic	p’sition, boss.	Kin yo' say a good	rily in the old days when the whole
sary when a man is healthy are essen- and serial rights and duties, were	the train that was to take him away.	Infantryman-Which is vour ser-	wonl for me?	Sa>' honest and	broadside of a three-decker was only
tial to save his life In a fever. What binding on all. And the State cannot ; got her address from him, but it géant major—that thin man over sichr	i 80 per cent of thc wei*ht of one
Is the use of the patient saying: 'I fight a war in which its honor and its	wa8 at the other end of Paris. I could	there’	know, of	course, that you're a	ehell thrown by the “Lizzie” at a
must have meat as usual, drink as very existence are at stake unless its	not uke ambulance away from its	Fy$end of the Motor Transport—	g00fl waiter. Sam, but how do I know	Turkish fort on many-hilled Gallipoli
sZSBB"Et j !	E;	llm *,,h ,h’p"”'13F-:-¦ ¦“ -- -*¦ 5 rSsHrrE
more perched then usuel; there is e j binding by lew on eny whom the Gov- j ruahed out in the gtreet and stop.	--------*------- I “All right, Sam, 111 do that." blood when the scuppers choked with
greeter strain on my strength, so I ernment may select, directly the Gov- . a prosperous-looking touring car	I ' Thank you, boss, thank yo' very thf fragmenta of shattered humanity
really ought to have more than usual, ernment considers it necessary.	passing by, occupied by a rather nice Always Looking For Trouble. much. When yo’ come ovah to-mor- The plunging round shot was as cap
L w*nî	why should I be	________________ looking man and woman, and had a Some people are of so suspicious a . row be sure to sit at mah table. Ill *ble a projectile, muzzle to muzzle,
........2: ##%
snd	dishonored	but	let	no	man	say	8*ie ha<* ¦ number of workmen	on	glimpse of	the poor chap, and I ar-	the	obsequious waiter. “I see you re-	| Pete, the hired man, was	known 1
that	any	Briton	during	the	war	was	board whom it was impossible to	put	ranged with a nurse to let her in at	commend your oysters at a shilling	for his prodigious appetite. One
off before giving chase to the German	the station	gates when she came.	the	dozen !” he snapped. “Yes, air;	morning he had eaten his usual	break-
cruisers. One of these workmen	be-	The next	morning one of the nurses	the	best, sir—real natives, sir,” bow-	fast of oatmeal, buckwheat	cakes,
ÉhÉ TO, toast, fried potatoes,
“One dozen, sir?” “No; doughnuts, coffee, and the usual trimmings, and had gone to a neighbor’.*
Fete arriv-

~*+
4L
4

Mi
jtM
AI I <#•••'
\0t%


German» Took Up Idea, and Now Have Triplane With Four Big Engine».

i

V


w A
Mi
I t


C. fi. Grey, editor of The Aeroplane, London, discusses the German and British aeroplane situation as follows:
When the official eye witness was permitted to make known to the people of England the existence of a big German biplane with two fuselages or bodies and two engines the existence of such a machine aroused a considerable amount of interest in this country. Now a report comes from Switzerland that the Germans have actually put in the air a “triplane,” which is a machine with three pairs of wings, one above the other, driven by four propellers, each driven by an engine of 200-horsepower, so that, the whole machine has 800 horsepower in it. This shows that the Germans are going one better than the Russian Sikorsky, which has about 400 horsepower in it, consisting of four engines of 100 horsepower each driving a single propeller.
Incidentally triplanes were built and flown successfully in England by A. V. Roe in 1910 or earlier.
Recently I have heard from officers who have returned from France that the Germans have of late put in the air several large biplanes which, although they have only one body apiece, like an ordinary tractor hi-
%
.m


I
ft



l



k

11L*



*mm<
Sti

*w/


ü
h vS# t#


H »
J il*
<



*
>
Above is a view of Petrograd, the great Capital of Russia, toward armies in Poland are now heading.
which the German
WAR AND HYSTERIA
JOURNALISM IN WAR.
AMERICA’S CAUSE
Newspapers Published by Soldiers and
Sailors.
Despite hard times and the dis-
From The Toronto Daily News.
From The Toronto Daily News.
British Negligent.
Those who have seen them and whe are qualified to judge, assume from the speed and climb of the machine that these engines are the ordinary 100 horsepower engines used in most of the German machines.
In connection with this sudden appearance of German aeroplanes with multiple engines and of large size, it is worth while noting that fully two years ago Gen. Henderson, then and now commanding the Royal Flying Corps, stated on more than one occasion at the semi-public meetings of the Aeronautical Society that one type of aeroplane necessary for the full equipment of the Flying Corps was a big machine with more than one engine.
He was particularly insistent on the need for more than one engine, so that if one engine broke down the other one, or others, would be able to keep the machine in the air.
Gen. Henderson’s opinion was backed up by various other officers of the Flying Corps, yet in spite of this we have the extraordinary position that after the appearance of the first of these big German aeroplanes, Mr. Tennant, the Under Secretary for War, announces that we have multiple engined aeroplanes in course of construction.
It seems fairly obvious that the German authorities paid more attention to the opinions of those in Britain who were best qualified to judge of the development of military aeroplanes than did the British authorities.

the

SEA FIGHTS LONG AGO.
Old Sea Battles Showed High Percentage in Killed and Wounded.
People think of the 15-inch guna
ver
heaved a little thing smaller than a


an
proportionately to the
number of men on the ships. The records of the old that vessels often lost 50 p< killed and wounded
battles show
ever forced to do anything for hi*
country except that which was pleas-	J . .	I	M. B|_ ,	_ *8	¦ I
ing in hie own sight Ah! Victory is came panic-stricken, and kept getting who passed the night m the train shed ed the writer.
in the sailors' way while they were told me that late in the evening the have one.”
¦	sometimes
is high ms 70 per cent. In iumie fights off shore ships were sur without as much as a rat view of this
< i
erg*.
not on that road.”
If we are to exert our full national ! preparing for action, imploring them good people brought the wife and the j I said
At last one tar little baby, and the couple just sob- iter!” The waiter's smile vanished, to help with extra work.
or burned

ne, and mean one—one oy-

aping. In and gunnery have hardly mad,- sea fights any more bloodv than in th<* da vs of
strength in the we	Put him
to act much more as if we wc»e	an	turned in disgust and said to the ter-	bed and sobbed—half In delight at	and he eyed the stout gentleman with-	ed	before	the	family had risen from
army than as If we were free and	in-	rifled	man:—"I suppose you're one of	meeting and half in sorrow at part-	eringly as he asked—“With or with-	the	morning	meal,
dependent citizens obedient as	in	them	blokes at home that are al	ing—but that the soldier took the	out, sir?” “With or without what?”
* only to a law of our own choos-	ways	wondering what the Navy are	train early the next morning much	“Pearls,” snapped the waiter with
well goin* j better in health, and able to eat for	great sarcasm. “Would you like
I the first time.	• fflk pearls or without?”
rr,n

“Well, Pete,” hospitably inquired j MstU»k.*
the farmer, “had breakfast yet?”
“Aw,” drawled Pete in a wheed ling tone, “kinds.”
nd strings.”
Ml
Now, we're
Both Government and people a-doin' oi. lean something of the spirit of to show you.
1g
, St. Paul'». Cathedral cost one mil lioo pounds to t
mu>

/
###PAGE###8###
consider is whether we are giving our men (air play at the front.
"Wo In Canada, have done our duty	, ^ «
fairly weh. During my visit abroad 1 rovnice ol Qu?tier.
l found many more effective ways of Municipality of Shawville.
co operating with the British Govern ' Public notice is hereby given to own- acre*
ment than	we had before.	Our sol-	vrs of real estate ami resident house-	cleared	of stumps	this summer, and
dlcrs have	fought beside the best	In	holders of the Municipality of Shawville	plowed	ready fur	crop, after being in
France and Kngland, and 1	want	to	that the Collection Roll for the Corin’-	|Hinture	four years.	Soil good gravelly
ation School Hoard is now made and	loam.	Good log	house, cedar barn,
completed and will remain in my jaw- cowhouse and stable, f irst class water.
session for inspection during the next Kura! mail past door, and one mile from
thirty day*.	During such delay rural phone. This farm is a snap.
any ratepayer may complain of For further particulars and terms,
said roll. Said thirty days having ex- apply to WM. H(.)1)0IX>S,
pi red, the School Hoard will meet on	Shawville, Que.
s o'clock, p. m., and shall proceed to homologate said Moll, with or without amendment. During the next twenty days following said delay of thirty days all persons whose names appear on the Collection Roll arc hereby notified to pay into the hands of the Secretary Treasurer, at his ntlice, such taxes as Arc levied ui»on his or her property, without further notice.
(iivvn at Shawville this 1st day of Oct niter, 1915.
PUBLIC NOTICE
FARM FOR SALE.
scrap for ours usually get the beat ol it.
1 wish we were out of the trenches and ; lighting in the open. Sitting in a trench waiting for the artillery to blow it in on top of y ou. ant l never see even a Hun > head for days nt a time gets monotoii
the leg or arm ami get it t<. I .i md say tlu-re is In both countries n tre
mendous appreciation <>f what they have done. 1 have that message for you from His Majesty the King, from the President of France, from General Joffre and Sir John French.
1 offer for sale Lot 13 in the 13th range of Clarendon, containing 3200 75 acres cleared ; 50 acre»
Tie Slawville Boot and Shoe Store
Oils,
!
for awhile it ¦would be very welcome but we run a bigger chance of getting it through the brain in the trenches.
Four of us a week go on paw for
,igl,t .lays, ami tlnw are »1h«U 120 ... .	Time For Criticism
!"" ,.......
into .motl^ci lug tight-«hin.	h@ce been made In the past. This
iiaivvl ot toUu'Co trom iinmue j8 the time for determination to go and a lovely hox of chocolate* from hb forward. We shall watch the achieve-girl today. We get lots of toluivco and fcaents of our men and the memory cigarette*' sent from England, but they 6f those achievements already per-a re x vi v ii.Mii .iimlity, hut they don't , formed will remain In our hearts ah
s!!'::
in the trem lu s and ,r x',b xu.' llll!< 1 Capital of our Dominion a memorial appreciated. I am Hill at rum of nl'1 the men who have made the su bullets and shells, but 1 limy get used preme sacrifice for Canada and the i them before the war is over yet. I Empire want to get hack to Canada so 1 can pout back
tell about all the bayonet charges 1 was Intention as well that those who have
......... ... |i*”t Iw'wiimm S3
. :ti in the	^ (X Canada would have them cared for
papiT and i fellow s picture : he tnM • %dy last word Is u word of hope ami
the « I* - ;1 rate charges we made at Yprv*s 1 he was bat k in the divisional snp ply train and nevercloser than six mile" the tight, ft ! I knew him well. It is
generally	H
at all who write the heroic letters t«* the Imck home, and add a lot to it
w


YOU



I

y
l> to C< ». <n
ARE
Hunting Forbidden
>
i -
Par ties carrying firearms or hunting are hereby forbidden to trespass upon Lot# 11 and 12 on the 8th range of Clarendon
animal last year through tli klen use of a ritle, I wish to avoid the risk of losing any more of my stock in a similar manner, hence this notice.
IL T AltQVE.
4h
INVITED
Having lost a valuable
u

--
INVICTU3
to come into this store whenever you like.
Our stock is open for inspection and we are willing to answer any «piestions regarding the goods we carry.
i
and the memory of those whc :. It* is my hope and my
Slmwville, Oct. 4, 1915
H. T. HODOIN8,
Sec. Trias
Notice to Debtors
i
saw mu
As 1 have been authorized to collect all accounts owing to l>r. H. T. Lippiatt, late of Shawville, parties so indebted are requested to call within the next thirty days and settle up.
THE MARKETS.
MU
ShAWVIlLE
From coast to coast we have sent our orders for goods to till your requirements and in making our selection only the most reputable makers were considered. Could we have stronger proof of this than in offering
to
Fl pur pu ha r rel | (1.50
Wheat, pei bushel, standard---
Oats,per bushel, 32c.
Butter tubs, printsand rolls 23c.
Potatoes pel hag. 50c.
Eggs per dozen 25c,
Pork per 100 lbs.7.30 to 8.00
II ides pei 100 lbs. 10.00
Pe 1 Is 25 to 75 each
Horse Hides each 2.50
Calfskins each (15 to 75 Veal Skins, each 00c
E. M. DAGO,
Merchants Bank,
wh«* are n»»t in the
Mia
5?
)

Shawville, Oct. 4th, 1915.

z
pap* i
But we can t all Let \ . ( ' s or D. V. M x When we go hack we will get Sam 11. kiek all the Huns out of Vatiada ami we w ill take up their farms. They uhl do wor<o than that to us if tl They used the women and girls in Belgium worse than African nvgi would have done.
There are
rr
m&LjJ.

Annual Meeting
t
Invictus Shoes
to
The annual meeting of the Radford Cheese and Butter Mfg. Co., Ltd., will be held at Shawville, on Friday. Oct. 15th, 1015, at 1 o’clock p. m. It Is important that all shareholders be present.
J. M. Hoduins,
President.
e\
Wi i
Drop in ami let us show you some new styles of
" The Best Good Shoe.”
«
wm i

<
Geo, W. Kadfh,
Sec. T re a*.
:t few shells starting t I guess 1 will get into m
:. Love to alL Your affectionate brother,
!
/ A
come o dugout
1 V 1
A

P. E. SMILEY.
H. K. Brows lee.
No. <>41, Mil Halt.. 2nd Hgd. 90th Wing Ride», 1$. E. F., France,
x


X
nipt
Voiiiiumy
»
bride, who was given away her father, entered the parlor leaning hia arm, to the strains of a Bill March," which was effectively ren ilervtl l»y lier	Mi^> Hcrtliu Oitli-
IberNon, the parties standing in the ' of the bay window, which was decorated with flowers at the front lot the room while the ceremony was : performed, the latter including extra | g«g» 1 advice touching on the sacred of the lifelong home ties, etc. j The bride was handsomely attired in a gown of white embroidered voile, with
IVo*p€»ctive supidies of red clover white satin »a»h, and wore a lace veil	___	_	unM w T imuiti: CAVÇ
seed are very niuvh reduced and at arranged in mob-cap effect, with white C&n&da8 Soldiers Have lVon Im- MUM. W. I. iVnllL unio
satin ribbon to match ; also a pearl necklace, the gift of the groom.
The bridesmaid was her niece, Mi
Armstrong, looking very in a gown of the same material, with white kid alipjiera to match.
The groom was ably supported by his
4	, !	.. ,i _,	. Pbrother, Mr. 1). Russett.	j ih
iKised of Mayor Cameron ami «T. V. |	H .. ’Vi ' i,	,i .;7 “era- The Premier was received with
Williams tie appointed to inter- j tables groaning w it h the wmght -d	ei	[remenj0U8' enthutiasm which g
view Messrs. |hni McLaughlin, K.	rvllllsb and both of which weie tilled a	^ volume and Intensity as he told
D. Usborne of this town, also Mr. *ec«*nd time with guests, who seemingly	cf Canadian valor and determln-
Thos. A. Low, of Renfrew, with a	enjoyed themselves to the lull	with	a^0n. Sir Robert apoke of the recog-
view of building a flour mill in	dainties and jokes combined.	pitlon accorded that valor by the	al-
Arnprior, and that expenses of The groom s present to the organist Res and of the strong testimony given said committee be paid by the ami bridesmaid was a signet ring each ; him of the splendid conduct of ( an-corporation.	to the groomsman a watch fob. The Bda's soldier son* both in England
wedding presents were very numerous ^at^he front^ ^ Robert ..haa ami vx|vii>ivt‘, including silv. rware ami flQnc her part and mugt contlnue t0 money, furniture, and a display ol very do go unlil lhe end \Ve have sent useful articles, to plentiful to mention, fl^yWeaa more thau 83,000 men. When thereby speaking for itself the esteem iftôse now under orders depart, Can-liich the young couple are held. ada will have sent to the front more Liter on the bride appeared in her than Britain sent out to the ( rimea.
readiness for driving to tin- home of the 6Q hospitals while I was abroad, 1 groom s parents in Maryland, he having ventUre to say there are no hospitals
previously received a shower of confetti better equipped, ______
from a young friend. The young cou- better organized than the Canadian pie departed, taking with them the I«est hospitals, wishes of all present, and leaving behind some very sorrowful faces in their loneliness. From thence they proceeded to their home in White Like, Out.—Com.
Tl
tuple gift tlmt lends the toucl ot friendship without the eml>amis< ment of an obligation vour phot<tgraph Vaviou> styles «»t folders and mountings
11. Imisox, Yrti •. K _ St.
T1
Canada

- WetM
XV

m
at War !

'N
LOST Somewhere in Shawville are!iway on Sept. 27. a key-ring eontaining one flat and one p. o. box key. Reward to finder at The KqriTY < >11 ice.
X
SIR ROBERT BORDEN
of cheer that In this war the cause
OF TRIP TO FRONT
PRIME MINISTER TELLS
-MADE IN CANADA-

Ford Touring Car
Price $530
Harvest All Red Clover Seed
he-t Canadian farmers next year will face an extreme shortage with
high prices. Farmers should en- ............
denvoi* yet this autumn to save Geraldine every bit of the red clover crop handsome that promises to yield good seed.
Seed Branch, Ottawa.
ANGLO-FRENCH LOAN WILL BE GREAT BENEFIT
perishable Glory

> >
Good Care Will be Taken of the Wounded Who Return
What
Its performance is bigger than its price, any other motor car will do. the Ford will do — and more. Yet it is the lowest-priced real motor car on the market. Because our output is set this year at 40.000 cars, we are able to sell the dependable Ford at so low a price.
The Runabout is now #180 ; the Town Car $780 ; f. o. b. Fold, Ontario. All cars completely equipped, including electric headlights. Equipment does not include speedometer. Let particulars from	_
Interviewed respecting the loan negotiated in the United States by the Ten thousand people were present Anglo-French Commission the Minis-
e other day at Sir Robert Bolden's 1er of Finance expressed pleasure at
its successful consummation. He said It would assist materially in stabilizing exchange conditions between America and Europe. Considering the credit of Great Britain and France and the terms on which before the they could obtain loans In their market# the rate of interest and commission might seem high by comparison but in his opinion the loan had been negotiated upon a basis as fair as could be expected having regard to war conditions and the fact that it was being obtained In a foreign
rew
¦
C. A. HOWARD - DEALER
the
war
own
Shawville, Que<
country.	e .	,
“This is no time," he said, to pn-duly haggle over eighths and sixteenths and other vulgar fractions. The main thing Is to get the money and the Commission have got it."
How Canada Benefits
Bryson, Oct. S.- William Hawke*. a prisoner in jail here, serving a sentence of two week* for vagrancy, was released yesterday out did not enjoy his freedom long, n* an oflicial from Kingston was immediately oil the ground* and had him re-arrested. Hnwkes is a German and was arrested two weeks ago at Bristol for vagrancy and he has previously spent six months in the Hull jail. T he authorities at Kingston have had him sent to the camp at Petawawa.
Mr. Kmmerson Paul, a Bryson young mail, passed the examination last week for enlistment with the Canadian Field Engineers.
The bridge here, which has been undergoing repairs for the last six weeks is now ready for traffic.
m w
Asked if It was true that the proceeds of the loan would all have to be spent in United States Mr. White said that thu official statement so indicated. He said the American bankpurchasing the securities had no doubt Insisted that as the loan was being made by United States the money should be spent there, directly, however, Canada would derive an advantage from the loan by of its beneficial effect upon
era
better manned or
In-
Never Saw a Finer Body •T saw at Shomcllffe 33.000 men in line. After the review was over Sir Arthur Murray said: T have seen the new army; I have watched your men very closely. I want to tell you that among all the men 1 have had under review I have never seen a finer body than the Canadians In the matter of discipline and courteous treatment wherever quartered. the reports were general that Canadian troops were unsurpassed.
¦M .	_	. ,	.	, Sir Robert paid a tribute to the Can
Dear Sister, I got >>»ur parcel aUmt ad!ans who had given their lives for
a week ago,‘and a Do a letter from Laura ^e Empire. If Canada ever forgot the and one from Jimmie.	men who saved the day for the allies
We were out four miles from the line at Ypres, she should cease to exist for a four-day rest and we had a good He described his visit to the trendies time ; hilt we are hack up in reserve and the training in art ill-tv work llIl(i
other features of trench warfare as
» «*•* %*”.««*• SIS g XWWS&JTS
ami Prince Alexander of Teck. 4he riclfl.8 Keglment. he said: "We saw In Prince is an uncommonly fine looking tjie faces of these men the same deman. S. H. gave us quite a witty little termination we had seen in those of Speech, hut I did not think there was a the rest of the Canadians, great deal of enthusiasm in the three cheers he got. But we gave General AMeraon a good loud yell.
When we are in the firing line we are awake all night, and when we are in rereserve we work all night strengthening our fioftition. It is top cold to sleep at night, anyway ; they took our blankets away from us in May.
They put over 170 shells at us here yesterday and only wounded one man : pretty i«onr shooting, 1 guess you will think ; hut we are lie hind a hill, so they have to gauge them to drop over on ns.
moot of the night with
One of our shells must
¦
reason
sterling exchange. New York Is Canada's Internationa, exchange centre and any improvements in sterling exchange rate 3 will be for our benefit as well as that of United States. The export movement of our crop, food products and manufactures Is financed by the sale of sterling bills in New York and the price obtained for them has an important bearing upon the price obtained by our producers and manufacturers.
“Exchange or no exchange.” the Minister sain, "a loan cf this magnitude could not be arranged without a lot of international good-will back of It and this to me Is one of its most gratifying features."
DOVER’S
Another Letter from Pte. H. E Brownlee at the Front.
Humors of n gold find are current, although there i* nothing very definite to repKirt as yet. Those on the inside are very le-tioeut a* to the location, hut it is said to be in the northern l>art of the district. Several well-known raining men are believed to be oil the trail already. it is al«o relented that several prospectors are in Northern Quebec looking for an extensive nickel discovery, although here again the whole subject is “wrought in mystery.*' Still more rumors are being brought down from the Porcupine district, where it is stated that some prospectors who went to examine Kowkash had then proceeded farther afield have hit upon a new find. Assays have been taken, and, in most instances, these have proved very encouraging.- Cobalt Nugget.
t tf
Belgium, August 12, 1015 To Mrs. Alex. Bromley,
Bromley Line, Out.
uu
still goes on with a push.
ENGLAND TO PURCHASE
FLOUR IN CANADA
• •
Get into the line for
Unprecedented
Bargains.
ïimwMmmm
nations arru.-.ed against us Consider gome ||rae pa*t an(| tho arrange the power that can he wielded by a t W|,|C)1 have been in existence nation that has for fifty years been	gtand	I ¦ ¦ ¦
subjected to an organization that was whlch jiaB |n the past purchased in built to prepare fer this war. It will Knglan(| from time to time various not do for us to make our men take Quantities of Canadian flour for the the place of artillery and machine uge lhe armyt has recently asked guns. They must fight on equal terms. Department of Agriculture to un-1 know that, man for man. they are dertake the purchase of limited quan-the match and perhaps a little mort» t|ljee Gf fl0ur in Canada. The pur-than a match for the men against chaajng ageut who has been conduct-whom we arc sending them. (Cheers). . lh|g work England for the War HWe have had to pay to: our lack omce hae recently arrived In Canada of preparation. I am disposed to gnd J# taking the question up with think this lack of preparation is in- , ;ke Minister for the purpose of ar* herent to the form of government we ^ging details of the work dur leg t|r love. The cnlv atittUoo we have to j „„ ^vnlh#.__
Wedding at Clarendon Front
The War Office, however,
The home of Mr. ami Mr*. Lewis ('uthbertMon, of Clarendon Front, was the scene of a very pretty wedding on
October Hth, at 8.30, |>. m., when
their youngest daughter, Miss Matilda, was united in wedlock to Mr.- John Peter Ruseett, of White Iwtke, Ont, the nuptial knot lieing securely tied by Ref. McCallum, Presbyterian minister of Shawville, in the presence of over fifty relatives and friends of th parties, including several from Ot White Lake and Renfrew
They ke|* their art ilk
have blown up their sa
There are lots of ac nearly always two or th
I
ry.
ARCHIE DOVER

twdly
nee here ; our in to watch them have a
¦. t
» “1^
hM


L
