###PAGE###1###

O
jÿNo. l'O, 33hd Year.
*1.00 A YEAli IX AD VAX LE.
Sl£AWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE-, THURSDAY, NOV. II
lui 3


The Bank of Ottawa
Tl^e Merchants Banl^ of Canada
THE HARDWARE STORE
ESTABLISHED 1874
Head Office : - Ottawa, Canada.
$ 4,000,000 4,078,200 60,000,000
EfttablUhed 1864
OFFICERS :
Sir H. Montai>v Allan.
.	.. K. W. Bla< KWEI.L
.......E. F. Hkbuen.
//
GET READY
)
Capital Paid Up
Rest and Undivided Profits
Total Assets over -
PRESIDENT .. . VICE-PRESIDENT GEN. MANAGER
i
;
!

Paid up Capital
$7,000,000
Reserve Fund and Undivided Profits .. 7,’J45,140 Total Assets .
We Imvo lw*I a few reminder'- of the approaching void weather ; there i« always considerable fixing up to do lit this season, and right now is the time to do it. You will need some of the following lines;
Glass, Putty, Nails,
Paint, Stovepipe Varnish,
Locks, Latches, Hinges,
Door Hangers, Hasps, Staples, Cow Chains, Stall Fixtures Axes, Handles and Saws, Weather Strips for doors and windows.
Storm Sash Hangers and Buttons
Our stock in above lines is very complete of best quality fair prices
When you want Hardware come to our store.
» #
e e
Board of Director^ s

JOHN D. FRASER
HON. GEORGE BRYSON,
SIR HENRY N. BATE, DAVID MACLAREN,
RUSSELL BLACKBURN, DENIS MURPHY,
SIR HENRY K. EGAN, HON. SIR GEORGE H. PBRLEY,
E C. WIIITNEY.
GEORGE BURN, General Manager.
D. M. FINNIE, Asst-Gencral Manager W. DUTHIB, Chief Inspector.
Vice-President
.	86,190,400
• e
I
239 Branches and Agencies in Canada-
A SAVINGS BANK ACCOUNT
Of One Dollar and upwards draws Interest at best current rates
Branches at Shawville and Quyon.
Acting Manager, Shawville Acting Manager, Quyon.
W. F. DRUM A. A. REID
>
Fort Coulonge Branch - J. A. McLATCHIE, Manager. Campbells Bay Branch - R. LEGER. Manager. Portage du Fort Branch • A H MULHERN, Manager.
“Business as Usual”
has rçade % attendance at the Z1G0WLINC /ft /)/)
HENRY’S
We can siw you money on that Coon
#¦¦¦¦¦¦
Ik it fur» ? Dover has them at saving prices.
We have about seventy five l*oxes, very suitable for inching fowl for shipping purposes. Will 1m.* sold at a bargain. P. K. Smiley.
Box Social—Friday evening, Nov. 11), at Ed. Hodgin*’, Charteris. Proceeds in aid of St. Matthews new |mr-sonage. Admission, 26c. Ladies with boxes free. A cordial welcome to all.

:
over

I wish the people of this district to know that I am the authorized agent for De Laval Cream Separators Ifmlgin*.
i
Ottawa, Ont.
S. E
Since January. 1(113, more than 235 students hive coroe to us from other local business colleges.
Our Civil Service record of FIRST. SECOND, and FOURTH places for all Çanada has never been equaled.
Do not these facts indicate undoubted superority f
Our instruction l>oing individual, you may begin at anytime.
OTTAWA i ONT
Parties indebted to thi- office
for job printing Of transient Ad-1 the best la the history. Why not take vertising, are n quested to ^'ttle | a,lv<latnge of the dull tim, ~ and up at once
!
J. H. SHAW.
prepare
for the wave of prosperity that Is bound Among the 20 deer hugged by Ito *weeP over the Great Country when the Lake Dumont Club this year, l*,e w,u is over t was a buc k which weighed 2ND lbs | Write fop Free Catalogue.
with the internal* removed. It la
believed to have been the largest deer taken in this region for many years.
m
Eg

1 wish to announce that I am in the |Hiultry business for all kinds of live and dressed poultry at current market pn< "i- will », II on a commission
basis
I). E. HENRY, President. Cor. Bank and Sparks Sts
II. G. W. Bit A IT li wait Prln.
W. K. Gowlinc * Prin.
W. A. HODGINS
E. T. Hodgins, Manager of the Shawville Egg Circle. •
Frost & W'nmI and Cnckshutt ma
Kodaks, Film». Developing Outfits,.
Velox Papers, Albans, Calenders, Flash pluncry tor sale by S. !.. I led gins
Powders, Greeting Cards, Tripods— everything the amateur requires. Let us enlarge from your negatives sizes at a moderate price. H. Imison’a Studio.
Amateurs, you can fix up some dainty Christmas Presents out of your collection of snaps. In Calenders, Greeting Carda, Small Albums, etc., 1 have some lieauties ; call and see them. Finishing for amateurs a specialty. H. I mi son’s Studio, King St.
The Ladies* Aid of the Methodist Church, will hold a sale of baking, consisting of bread, cake, buns, pie and candy, on Saturday afternoon, Nov. 19th, beginning at 3 p. m. The sale will be held in Mr. C. Caldwell's Sample Room, Main St. Proceeds will go towards procuring a hospital cot. A cordial invitation extended to all.
Company Makes Refund—We learn on the authority of the C. P. R agent here that the Company are making refunds of all fares collected by the conductor on the train returning from Ottawa exhibition on Sept. 15th last, and regarding which considerable dissatisfaction was expressed at the time. The whole trouble was due to a misunderstanding in the purchase of special excursion tickets, which, it appears, could not be used for return on the date of issue. Parties who held these tickets did not know this till the conductor informed them on the return trip, when he demanded and was paid the additional The incident was the means of subjecting the agent here to some rather harsh criticism at the time which was baldly fair, considering that his action in connection with the transaction was simply in pursuance of instructions received.
Ill	BUSINESS	mm
W ILLIS COLLEG F
* ” CIVIL SERVICE ¦
The School of Efficiency for tho*e who demand the best Catalogue on request.
N. I. HARRISON, Principal.
Cor. Bank and Albert Sts.
OTTAWA, ONT.
Tlmrsda first snow recording.
y afternoon gave us the fall of the season, worth
SHAWVILLE
All
Don't forget
. . m .. ,	,	..	... . I with every dozen until further notice,
A staff of plumbers from Blyth which means 14 Christinas Presents. Ar Co., Ottawa, are engaged at rp)u* most economical and appropriate
to permit of that work being
undertaken.
Get your Supplies for Winter.
Coarse Salt 80c.
Tar Felt 10 & 16 oz. 3c. lb Eddy’s Sulphite 4c. lb. Nails - - Glass - - Putty.

I^ast week's Renfrew paperscovt-W^flÊIÊÊ^ÊÊÊÊÊÊI^^M	t In*
The brethren of Knox L. O. L., I MIm Kva Splnne (sister of Mrs. R.
No. :R, took occasion on Friday •{• Bhu'k this village) to Mr. night last of bringing their families L ILMcDougall, an employee of together for the ptir|K>se of spend- the Renfrew Machinery Co. The ing a sociable time and do justice I ceremony was performed at the to a fine chicken supper, which I rectory of St. 1 aid’s Church, by was tastely pre|wired by the ladies. Rev. Mr. Qiiatermaiue.
ISkfi _l
« seæissr-4
Hix-nt Kigeuiei.	sent nt the obsequies	_
LOST—On Monday, between Cate; * Hill and my property, a ear-wheel chain. Finder will oblige by returning to the owner, M. T. M< Dowell.
FOR SA LE -1 Short-Horn Durham Bull Calf. Apply to J ville R. R. No. 1.
H. tiitowxLEE. Shaw
strong. Good The Home,
m I
Minister of Agriculture a free dis- u*10 enlisted with tin* < «th at obtaining a car. Apply to Mr. R. E
iSiSul".™ I	! S2.0-«s$rr' -p-
the coming winter and spring to the regiment to proceed t«» Eng-
Canadian farmers. The samples ««/J; arrived safely by stomuer, CONCRETE CULVERTS. PIPES AND will contint of spring wheat («bout | al,fo'"'a" on r,,es,lny ln't'	Cont^u"»J"w*?b
manufacture Pipes in their own localities. H. T. McDowell & Son. Shaw ville. Que.
“ Palacine ” Coal Oil, the best Lamp Oil. We keep nothing else. It costs 4c more than third grade, and 2c. more than second quality oil, but we sell it at 25c, per gal— 5 gals for $1.10.
fa res
5 lbs), white outs (about 4 lbs), barley (about 5 lbs), and field peas (about 5 lbs). These will be sent out from < >t taw.».
A distribution of (potatoes (in 3 lbs samples) will be carried on from several of the Kx|>erimental
Farm », the Central Form at Ot-
i nces
Births
At Renfrew, Out., October 22, ¦	.	, , r
to Mr. and Mrs. Willie J. Young, Important 10 FaHlierS a son.	r
At Cactus, Sasic., to Mr. and Mrs. Hugh Horner, a daughter.
At Otter Lake on Sunday, Nov. Shawville, I am prepared to handle
7th, to Mr. and Mrs. W. A. Moore, all kinds of Farm Produce at the a son
Chriftmas Photos. — At the li"ine-corning on Christmas day, they will be glad to have your picture, and you, theirs ; and if, perchance, you can’t go home this year, h<>w pictures will help. Imixon offers two extra Photos with every dozen. Arrange your sitting today. Perfect facilities. H. Imison’s Studio, King St.
Raw Linseed Oil Paint Machine	Oil
Separator	Oil
Harness
Having purchased the elevator from the Dowd Milling Co. at
Oil
taw a supplying only the prov of Ontario and Quebec.
Mach application must be separate and must l>e signed by the applicant. Only one sample of grain and one of potatoes can be
sent to each farm. If both samples . ,	,	,	, ,,	., .
are asked for in the same letter	range ot Mens (	( f,HtM 1,1
only one will be sent. Appliea- *u*'k ln,1>w; All sizes and pnces. Drop lions on any kind of printecl form 11,1 an,‘ 1°°* them over. A. Dover, cannot lie accepted.
The destruction by fire of the cereal building at Ottawa, which
contained grain cleaning machin- M|, j. A MeL„t< lii... I," sue-
E‘S‘	5S
fill as many as |xj*sihle of the Messrs. 1 rueman Tuck, Or va It hat this number is of general allons which conform to the and Hillburn Armstrong returned interest to the outdoor lover and but requests received after from the West on Saturday last, sportsman, while n reading of the the end of Decemiier will probably where they were engaged during number justifies the first impre*-be too late. Samples cannot be the past couple of months in liar- slon. “Rig Alev a ml the Portage sent in res|#o»se to applications vesting operations.	of Death” is a Hudson Bay story
e**
should be addressed to the Domin- n	ex,M<u ,e	Saunders caught the Game Hog is
ion CerealM, Central Kxperiment- Mr. L. J. Westbrook, who was a story of deer hunting by camera a I Farm, Ottawa. Such applies- assistant demonstrator to Mr. I vs. deer hunting hv gun, written lions require no postage. If other King here during the (wst summer, and illustrated by F. \ . Williams, wise addressed, delay and disap- i has. The Equity learns, been ap- There are other stories that make pointaient may occur.	(minted demonstrator of the Mac- a like nptx-al to the readers of a
Applications for ;x;tmtoe« from doiwld ('«flloge Branch at Lachnte, sportsmanV magazine as well a* farmers in any other province 1 Que. Mr. Westbrook Is a brainy, the u-ual special department-should W addressed (postage pre hard worker, and if he i* given a voted to guns and ammunition (?aid) to the Superintendent of the fair chance, his latxu* in the l*a- fishing, etc. W . J. lay lor. Ltd nearest branch Kx|s*rimental Farm C'hute district should be produr \\ xxistot k, Out., are the pub
I live	eeu 11 s.	i^htw,
highest cash price
WM. HUDGINS
Men’s Coon Coats Wv have a
Bkavkr Invade Town.—Whilst Shawvilleites generally would no doubt indignantly resent an insinuation that this town has not yet emerged from the back woods stage, the fact remains, nevertheless, that its immediate environment embraces conditions which link it very closely to the primeval state in which the first residents found it nearly a century a go. Across the fields shirting the southern boundary of the village for some distance meanders a small stream fa miliary known as "Mill Creek,” which, following its sinuous course for several miles, is eventially swallowed up in the waters of the noble Ottawa section of this creek, drains a corner of Mr. J. L. Shaw’s land, which is within the corporation limits, and here it was recent l\ discovered, a family of beaver had taken up their abode, and already have constructed a "dam which nightly is being reinforced and rendered more secure by these wonderfully industrious ftir-bear-
dance of fixai in the neighlxirlnxxf. and the indications are that tin*
"invaders” will pass a comfortable winter If they are not disturbed Nobody here can tell how long ago it is since beaver previously inhabited + MHI Creek", hot is is believed to be inure than sixty years, jin that province
Oil
Ladies’ furs in Electric Seal, Marmot, Coney, etc., in the latest makes at low prices at Dover's.
Personal
November Rod and Gun
Dp. William’s Fly Exterminator

a|)|)li<
rule.
The great specific for vermin on cattle and horses, the most effective and easiest applied remedy for cleaning hen houses and stables for winter Used by Dom Experimental Farms and Dairymen everywhere. We have it in gallons, half gallons and quarts
A
There is an a bun
W. A. HODGINS

###PAGE###2###
NEWS FROM ENGLAND
At the door of a private room it I magnificent flunkey, carrying a coatly bouquet of roses, stopped them, and said something to Mary which the old ! man could not hear.
“Oh, bother him!” she said. “Tell : him to run away and play! I've got a much nicer companion for supper tonight!"
Then, after supper, Mary leant,’ Occurrence* In the 7«ntid Thai
across the table towards him.
“Noxv, Uncle Charley, tell me all about yourself. What have you been
"	min,I. gryou .lur old	In.the .cventy-.even liver, guild,
with me end look after me. and never	Hrlta,n has 2 300 trawler., min,
do another stroke of work in your sweepers and other auxiliary ve.ael, life. Hut. I say, I should like to know engaged in sweeping the North Sea who this particular beast was who Owing to a shooting accident li turned you off like that.”	,\orkshire, Prince Ranjitsinhji, thi
“Mr. Richard Burton,” he answered. fRmoU8 cricketer, may lose his right
"What!" she exclaimed, with a	..	.
start. “Mr. Richard Burton, of Mer-j Tbc hton Guardians have revise,
ioneth Place, Hyde Park?”	Ith<* diet of thp inmates by which the,
Hv nodded.	I expect to 8ave nearl* *800 a y°ar-
“Right!” she cried, springing to her ' Miss Botha, the niece of Genera1
feet “Well, you sit tight, Uncle Botha, is studying English nursing
Charley, and you'll sec some fun. the Princess Alice Hospital, East
Here, you, come here!”	1 bourne.
She addressed the last remark to
the liveried flunkey who had just en- area number of West End tailor,
whose duty it is to mind and re nova t « uniforms.
NOT AFRAID OF SUBMARINES
About the Household
X.
\


NEWS BY MAIL ABOUT JOBS BULL AND HIM PEOPLE.

;
B
\v



Dainty Dishes.
with salt and water. Turn them upside down and put them in the sun and air to dry. They will he fount! to
î

le mon Jelly.—Make the jelly by using the juive of 2 lemons and the rind of 1 grated, 3 eggs, butter size havv tightened up like new articles, of an egg, and 1 cup of white sugar, When thc butcher has cut the roast thicken over the fire, but do not let it	to.°	heavy, ask him	to cut	off thin
boil. This is nice for tarts, which	sliees for «teaks. Have the	pan very
should be made of puff paste.	hot,	put in a piece of	suet to	make the
Yorkshire Pudding —One pint of	pan	p1 vas-v nmi fry	«teak	quickly,
sweet milk. 2 eggs, 5 tablespoons of Thv nuat hrtS » vory K ^d flavor, flour; salt to taste. Mix eggs, flour 1 ,,e best and simplest way to test and salt with a little milk until siIk is to cut off n small piece and smooth, then add the rest of the milk burn it. If it burns out quickly, leav-
Pour the mixture into a ing a clear, crisp, grey ash. the silk
„ is pure; but if it smoulders and leaves a heavy, reddish-brown ash, the ma-or terial has been treated with chemicals and will not wear well.
I
!

mg


Reign# Supreme In the Commercial World.
ih


m
*





&

MJ






#
f


yBSI

gradually, well-buttered dripping pan and bake IT* minutes in a tolerably hot This is nice served with roast beef poultry.
Cabbage Slaw.—Take a small head of cabbage, wash well, cut very fine with a slaw cutter or a knife of any kind. Take two small

Xe ?


oven


* y

To destroy the smell of paint place pnils of cold water—which should be changed daily—in the rooms that are being painted. It lessens the annoy-

eye.










I onions, pool .
and cut fine, mix with the cabbage, inP sme11 considerably. If you live in then season with salt, pepper, and the country and can get bay put a vinegar to taste. Now take an extra handtul of hay into the water, a* this dish and mix three good-sized table- also helps to ibsorb the smell, spoons of thick cream with one table- ! Quite {l number of people find por-spoon of sugar and
slaw. This is delicious, especially if unpalatable, but here is a hint that kept cold till serving time.	, will make the mixture one of the most
Bread	Sauce for	Game.—Cool? half	sought after breakfast dishes. Put
pint of	s<tft,	stale	bread-crumbs, a	the water into your pun. Add a beaten *XS3Kety.mVK
pint of	milk,	one	good-sized onion	ogg and mix well in before sprinkling
chopped	very	fine,	a saltspoonful of	the oatmeal. I hen l>oil and salt as
usual.


Above Is h sveiiv on the steamship Omlston Water, the photograph having Vieen taken while* tin* vessel wis passing through the Straits of tiihraltar. The vat Xio Irullau, the dog Italian, the yurrut Brazilian and On* monkey 11 mil out.
With the men in action at the front
mix with the ridge made in the ordinary way most
tered the room.
__________________________________ “You can go and tel! that gentle-	„
...	,	..	, Uan that I'll see him after all. Bring1 The death haa occurred at Farle>
1 he afternoon light waa waning aa	here ,-vt.	got n	little surprise	Hill, Surrey, of Mr. Wm.	Cordery,
ihe tottered out of the square. What	hjm,„	aged #fi, who rode to hounds	with th«
was he to do? Where was he to go?	ghc ^ down	again,	pirking up the	Duke of Wellington.
How could he, a man of his age, hnd .	^ of rrc| roses as ahe did so. Miss Owen Lloyd George, elder
othvi employment.	her eyes on the door. Presently it daughter of the Minister of Muni-
He was a bachelor old and friend- opene(1 nnd u man jn evening-dress tions, has returned to her duties as less for he had lived almost wholly entemj lhc room with a smirk of sat- a Red Cross nurse in France, with ami for his work. His one rvla- jgfaction> Mr. Newcome looked up; Lance-Corporal Dwyer, the young-
sir vl;VC u* Sv 7	younger I thon the spoon that he held dropped est V.C. in the army, whose home is
• himself had died a widow. He had	from his ^and	The	man was Mr.	at Fulham; has been given a	commis-
been very fond of her only. daughter,	Burton.	sion as second lieutenant
Marx, but he had bsto unable to hrli>[ „Hello! HOW ,lo you do?” Mary her himself, and she had disappeared years ago under the care of her father’s relations.
!
An Unrehearsed Effect I
eJl
ground mace, a saltspoon of paprika and a level teaspoon of salt for five minutes in a double boiler; stir constantly. The mixture must be fectly smooth. Add a rounding table- Break the spoon of butter; stir until then add four tablespoons of thick roll and cook in salted water, cream and use at once for game or drain. For the roasted guinea fowl.
A Substitute for >Yhipped Cream.
Macaroni in Variety.

Macaroni with White Sauce.
macaroni in one inch firm?" melted ; pieces, three-fourths of a cup, wash,
then
per-1
“How long have you been in this
"Forty-four years next month, sauce melt four 1 WAS sixtecn "hen old Mr. Malcolm
JL    _ „	5T€
that calls for whipped cream when blended. Then stir in gradually while iV ay. 0 r 18. rV e tht,c-
neither the cream nor the time for heating two cups of scalded milk, . W 0	thousand pounds The landlady of his lodgings might
whipping it are available. An excel- bring to the boiling point, add salt, |* thC ""hstanhal l)0 sorry for him, but as for helping lent substitute is made by beating the the macaroni and let simmer for a !’ ‘	? Jy )Uslnvss of Malcolm, Ba- him, that was out of the question-
white of an egg to a stiff froth, add- minute before serving.	£Cr| * (o' Solictors, of Lincoln s Inn
ing a ripe banana cut into very thin Baked Macaroni with Cheese.-Boil
slices and beating until the banafta is the macaroni in hot water as directed. Jfu ‘ t proptrt> in order.
ElüliüiiEiP
îSgJSarjjgjLa g.-reyrs f ~
;:r rwrjr
Macaron. ( ullcts. -took a half a typewritcr-but there, you can’t, so
in small ^ere is no purpose to be served in ,as talking about it.”
The old clerk, in the faded black alpaca coat, with the quill pen behind his ear, stared at him.
“I beg your pardon, sir. 1 don’t think I heard what you said.”
Mr. Burton looked up impatiently.
“I sha n't require your services any longer. I have got no use for you here, and, of course, I have got to consider the business.”
Business was business with Mr.
ïïTÆs.ïjfjc sSj ^‘izrzssinss
I an injury, if no immediate means of ^ arm An Incident in a ( 'arax an Journey to repaying it was possible, but he never	'
forKavt -	or	ly I	be	be
un liai mm mmm
let it roast to a deep brown. Add no badly hurt. The whole caravan was ' 'or the meat xv ill cook thor- alarmed, and we all ran to the rear, oughly in its own gravy. Do not have | where we found one of our com pan-too M a lire. Three to three and jons with a shattered arm. one-half hours of slow cooking should do the meat to a turn. If it is desired
It is announced that up to the presaid. “I thought I'd just like to see sent nearly a thousand of the old boys you. You know my uncle, I think.” of Haydon Road School,,at Wimble-
Mr. Burton turned, and the old clerk don, have joined the forces, and his late employer stared blankly By order of the Assistant Provost-at one another.
“Mr. Newcome! Really, I'd no idea the Isle of Wight are not allowed to he was your uncle, Miss Burnelle. use cameras outside the grounds of Most interesting!”	their residence.
“Thought it would surprise you,” Although she has just celebrated Mary said brightly. " And I’ve got the 100th anniversary of her birthday, something else that will make you a Bedford lady, Mrs. Learmouth, has fizz a bit. See these flowers you sent during the last year knitted
Marshal amateur photographers in
And what was he to do?
He walked aimlessly down Kings-way, staring vacantly into shop windows for ten minutes together, his poor old brain dazed and stunned. He was trying to think, trying to frame some plan of action; but his mind, accustomed to tread one beaten path, refused now to deviate from its famil-
a number of pairs of socks for soldiers. Speaking at Westminster, Dr. C.
i ir tr irk	*° rote*ve b»» reward of thanks. Mary w. Saleeby said that in the past year
«MOTS
.. | JstST 1° s£. “on	^	^
furs.
“I’m sorry, madam, but you are mistaken,” he stammered. “I’m not Mr. Milestones; my name is New-come!”
He saw a pair of dancing eyes and a flashing gleam of white teeth between red, divinely-curved lips, and
9"
me 7
Turkish
He looked at them, smiling, waiting
sugar, a scant teaspoon salt and tablespoon rounded of butter.
aiding, removi fiom lire ami
when lukewarm add one-half cake cup of macaroni broken yeast dissolved in a little water. Add	pieces, drain	and	make	a sauce r~
«ifted flour to make a soft dough	follows: Melt	two	and a	half tabU
. • ; knead ten minutes. Put into a spoons of butter and add one-third wanned earthenware bowl*and cover cup of flour. Stir until well mixed, until light; make into very small, pour this gradually into a cup of hot
' Place an inch irt in milk. Add one-fourth cup of grated greased pans to rise, then brush with cheese, and season with salt and pep-beaten white of an egg and sprinkle	per. Cool and shape in	the form of
with une! y minced almonds. Bake in	rut lets, roll	in	bread	or cracker
a quick oven.	crumbs, dip in beaten egg then in the
I'ot Roust. - I he genuine pot roast crumbs again and fry in plenty of hot : brown and rich and juicy, being fat to brown nicely, cooked wholly in its own gravy and without any added water. A four to six pound is a nice size to cook properly. Sekit a piece with enough fat on it to furnish richness. Also add a small piece of beef suet. Heat an
. .	,	, The Board of Trade has issued a
worn-out machine, and youscrapped f circular to London coal merchants * him, you cold-hearted brute 1
She punctuated her remarks with
towards the door, his face scratched and bleeding where the wire that held together the bouquet had torn the skin.
“You cad!” Mary went on. “There, take your flowers, and never let me see your face again!”
She flung the ruins Of the bouquet
after him as he fled through the door. Prove that the Kaiser is the “beast” Then, turning, she run to her uncle, mentioned in Rev. 13, is taken from and put her arms round his neck. Her ar' old country paper: cheek was close to his, and he felt ‘‘Take the letters of the Kaiser's that tears were pouring from her name and arrange them one under eyes.	the other; then to the right of each
“I'm only crying because I feel so letter put down the number of each happy with myself,” she said. “That's letter as it stands in the alphabet; the best unrehearsed part I have ever after that put the figure six; carry played. And I won't let anyone be these figures into another column, i cruel to you ever again, Uncle Char- and add the total together, thus: ley—no, never, you dear old thing!”
London Answers.
pointing out that in order to keep pits fully at work every effort should be made to increase stocks of coal to the maximum.
Mr. Richard Burton backed
fr-
lS THIS KAISER'S NUMBER?
+ -
Surprising Combination of Revelation
and Arithmetic.
THE ORIENTAL FATALIST.
The following ingenious attempt tc
“Newcome!” she exclaimed. “Sure-
Rokhara.
.	,	......	, “Mary!” he gasped. “You don't
morning, and only used his head dur- mean to say that you are Mary?" |
ins thoae crowded hours of profe»- ghe laughedt but there was some-
sional exertion. The statement sug- thjng more than laughter in the
gested that he gave free play to more 80und- She was smiling sweetly, but
—EE™ SEES:	£:
¦ 'gnmnro;aiiM,fwr"ii'iiii*»
] l	the would he nmr‘	Mr- Burton's hand went out to the He leant forward in his seat in	»»ter of Public Instruction, aided by	mouth speaking	great things and
i , r .rd hi . v ictim became unite	electric bell on his desk, and his cash- open-mouthed wonder. And gradual-	the C ommittee of Foreign Affairs of	blasphemies; and	power was given
' \ -	,,v	Th, V tied im each othnrN	ier—one of the new clerks—presented jy the wonder gave place to pride,	the Chamber of Deputies nnd the For-	unto him to continue forty and two
1	.	.	,	,	,	wound,	consoled one another .nd	himself instantly. How the people cheered; they would	eign Office, collaborated in its organ-	months.
;.......................^
p.u king material.	, I in/to the Eastern wav of thinkimr off!” he aaid shortly.	, sang What lovely dresses she wore! the fighting line taking pictures, hath understanding count the number
A large g asm bottle makes a good *	,	h h , ,	’ Charles Newcome turned clowly on How beautiful she looked!	which, with orders, reports, plans and of the beast : for it is the number of
receptacle for buttons. By shaking , npl 1( . ' f k t u i h*nn#»n»d bis heel, and followed the cashier in- And more than once he found her other documents, will hereafter con- ‘ a man; and his number is six hun-tht bottle you can see whether you Jf	. $t	to the outer office. Like a man in a looking at him, nodding at him, wink- stitute the historical section of the dred, three score and six."
have the button desired without tak-, 14 *	_	dream he received the few shillings mg at bim with that wonderful wink General Staff.
in* ail M,t	_	which were due to him, and, still with Qf hers, and his cheeks flushed with For the fine arts section and the
Sugar forms about 70 per cent, of	She Knew Better.	the same feeling of unreality, he pride.	educational department it is intended j «‘Emmett Whillikens iust nacherly
honey; it is	derived from natural	Wifey (during storm)—Gracious!	closed his old familiar desk, packed At last the play was out; an offi- thus to make a complete collection of	UD hock while his wife was
sugars by inversion, and is more	That was an awful clap of thunder; it	his apalca coat in a little brown hag.	cjal came to fetch him from the stalls, photographs of destroyed or damaged awny djdn»t be?"
easily digested in this form than cane frightened me terribly.”	took his hat from the peg, and with He waited some moments in a mys- public monuments of great artistic ; “Gosh! I should sav sol” replied a
.	,	,	i Hubby—Nonsense, my dear. Thun- his umbrella under hie arm, walked terious eerie place in the wings, and value, and in general to furnish a sort prominent citizen of Petunia “Why,
I e/ore washing la*t curtains run a dtr can’t hurt you.	out into the square.	then finally Mary appeared.	of illustrated annex to the history of be had a gang of fellers at his house
narrow strip of muslin or tape along, Wifey—Indeed! Didn't you ever It was only when he was on the “Now, you dear old thing, we ll go the war for the instruction of future . t	:ff^t till 9 30 drinkin'
asrASSssa;	—• pswaans-r	s ss srsisi	...................!ï«S,Asa.'irc
from stretching at the edge.	The long chain of custom that link- «he said, squeezing his arm.	the seven days' l>ombardmcnt of Met- ; LÏJÏÏJJ0 dBnC€
Tar may I* removed from any	'	ed him with the time when he was a	The supper took place	in what	xeral took 3000 negatives.	** ograpo
washing dress by spreading butter on Ted Why	are	you	in	such	a	boy of sixteen to that moment when	Charles Newcome at first	thought	A sales department has been organ-
the tar. This	should be left for an	hurry to get married	he was sixty, was broken for ever,	must be Buckingham Palace. He had ized to put on the market copies of all
hour or two	to soak well in, and	Ned Before shed accept me, I	Ho more would he tread those famil-	never in hi» life seen so much gilt, so the photographs that the censor mu
shot*Id afterwards be washed in the had to promise to	stop drinking and	staire that led up to the offices of	mnny liveried servants with	powdered	thorites to be duplicated,
ordinary way, when all trace of tar smoking	Malcolm, Baker, and Co. The doors	heads, or so many dazzling lights.
Wih be gone.	. .	.	were closed against him, and what And Mary walked through this amas-, The Lord High Chancellor of Eng-1
Cane chairs that have become alack Submarines for naval purposes were had been the main episode of his life ing place like a queen, holding his iam| receives a salary of no000 a' n be tightened by rubbing them first developed by France.	had been cut abruptly abort	arm quite at home, apporent	| |	a
K
11
6
11C
A
1
6
16
I
9
6
96
tu
S
19
6
196
E
5
6
56
R
18
186
6
666
One of the French soldiers killed at

Household Hints.
::lt is an excellent cleanser

C
-<» i
Pi

C beaper cut.® of meat always quire more cooking.
Good milk, eggs and butter are necessities, not luxuries.
Salt in cold water will remove blood steins from linen.
A tiny pinch of salt added to eggs makdJ them froth more quickly.
A lump of sugar dropped into milk will prevent its turning sour St is said.
“And they worshipped the dragon

“Here is wisdom. Let him that
-----+------
Hi* Debauch.
Exactly.
“Pa, what happens when I he wind blows great guns?”
“A weather report follows, my

*
son.”
When the time it noon in Urn Berlin records 12.64 p.m.

year.
%
###PAGE###3###
QUEBEC HAS 150 PEOPLE’S BANKS
Bank prospers in the prosperity of its members.
1 here seems to be no limit to the usefulness of these co-operative banka. They flourish in towns, but they flourish no less in farming districts and in mining or lumbering lo-DE8JARDÏNS calities. They seem to do well in such
and raw settlements as those about Lake Timisknming, and they do quite as well in the old-settled and historic parishes around Quebec.
FRENCH WOMEN
DEFEAT JOFFRE
KHAKI CLAD BELGIAN SCOUTING PARTY AT WOR K
ft
»


MR. ALPHONSE
AUTHOR OF SYSTEM.
EVADE ORDER AGAINST VISITING HUSBANDS.
V
f x

PI

Ï


s
V,
§§jgtfÉi g

'A:
Ê



Ml
Where Five Cents May Be Deposited And One Dollar May Be Borrowed.
m
The Women are Sure They Know Better Than Joffre in This
Matter.
Mr. Desjardins, by hin well-won success in building up tnis system,
W
W '/
JL
has made for himself an international reputation. He has been decorated i- Ponp with the Cross of the
X
Ji
"¦ ff ,	— -
The history of financial institutions JPB	_	,	_
will he searched in vain for a more Order of St Gregory the Great. The
romantic story than that of the peo- ^«•«‘uent of the United States has
pie's banks of Canada. In this case moro lhan onc« invited Mr. Desjardins
the grain of mustard seed has grown to uke PBrt in the important consul-into a tree.	tations now in progress cn the vital
Mr. Alphonse Desjardins, of Levis, question of agricultural credits. Co-1 Quebec, is a typical Frcnch-Canadian operative associations and learned so-of the better class. Believing that c,eties everywhere have consulted him the lack of thrift among so many of nndlhavc *ivcn him every honor with-the poorer of his own people was due in *"clr Powcr* to lack of encouragement and opportunity, he made a study of the whole question. In this way his attention
was attracted to the aucceas of the With Ammonia Sulphate It Takes the C<N>perBtlve banks of Europe. After reading all the literature on this subjet t that he could find, and after long German farmers will continue to correspondence with some of the lead- ' feed the country without the aid of ers of the movement, he decided to oversea imports, in the opinion of try the experiment of adapting the Professor Gerlach, an authority in system to the conditions in Canada. agricultural chemistry. Speaking be-Of course, there were kind friends fore the German Agricultural Society to assure Mr. Desjardins that Canada at its yearly meeting at Berlin, he was not Europe and to point out to Kave details showing to what extent him that this thing had never been in 1914 and 1915 the yield of crops done before, and therefore never was increased by using sulphate of could be done. Still, however, he was ammonia and cynamide, a combination not convinced. The fact was that cer- of atmospheric nitrogen with calcium, tain of his neighbors had caught as fertilizers. In these fertilizers, he something of his enthusiasm and were says, German farmers have a fully desirous of seeing the experiment satisfactory substitute for the nitrate tried.	of soda which they had been import-
ipg to the amount of about 800,000 tons a year.
Professor Gerlach regards the new industry of extracting nitrogen from

Joffre is a great general, admired and beloved by all the French people and others also, but he ia only a man after all and he cannot be expected to out victoriously when it to a fight against women, nor is it probable that his defeat rankles bitterly.
The French women, although they do not feel the need of asserting themselves in the war, politics, or any public affairs, have very definite ideas of their right of reigning supreme in one domain, and there they are not to be interfered with.
They have given up their husbands without a murmur—better than that, with a smile—when the country demanded them, but they think it needless to accept the separation as absolute whenever their men are at rest away from the trenches, and if they can spare the time and the money, they want to go to see them.
But stern orders were issued long months ago from headquarters: “It is strictly forbidden to any woman to go and see her husband in the military zone.”
*
A*®. 40

a r*

V.
come
¦	4
comes
il :
4


very



//

ij
• J



;

- mm
1


*

ATMOSPHERIC NITROGEN.
f
% *

.s
i¥tf*
t
X
m*


m
Place of Soda Nitrate.

*
%
4 I
/

«
,
I
W'.<>

%
r

H
?'•4.



“i

!r



V
4 ’
# r «'•'{•v 'S/fKBvP s 1

• -x
•I •¦

k>y < */
t



K




rff

ê""/*Ê
The picture allows » Belgian scouting parly dre**rd in new khaki uniform making Its way «Healthily over
a uontoon bridge “somewhere" In Flanders,
No Punishment.
And there they sang as their fathers have ever sung in days of stress:—
GREAT BRITAIN’S WAKEFUL ARMADA
KING VISITS WORKS.
Little heed was paid to this decree, and the women continued to go wher-In All ever they knew their husbands would be resting.
Then more strict orders were posted: “All men who call their wives or allow them to come and visit them will be severely punished."
Useless again. When arraigned the men protested that they had neither asked nor allowed their wives to come, but come they would.
It was still insisted in high quarters that punishment should overtake the man who proved unable to prevent his wife from going to his side and the situation became really serious.
Displaying Great Interest
Engineering Plants.
I to the hills will lift mine eyes, From whence doth come mine aid. My safety cometh from the Lord, Who Heaven and earth hath made.
First Step Well Taken.
Had this been a question of money
died before
was horn, for at the first meeting tho atmosphere as of great promise called in Mr. Desjardins own house this was on tho f>th of December, supply. He said that the factories for 11*00—the total capital paid in for the, its recovery, mostly begun since the organization of the new hank was outbreak of the war, are now finished only $26. Hut these institutions are or ner ring completion, and that when not aggregations of captial, but of they are all in operation they will people, and when Mr. Desjardins produce yearly an equivalent of 120,-found that the best of his neighbors 000 tons of pure nitrogen, for al-were strongly with him, he knew that ready considerably more than half of the first step had been well taken. what was formerly imported. A con-The new bank prospered under Mr. siderable proportion of this is now Desjardins’ cautious and skilful man- being used by the military authorities agvment. No mistakes were made. for making ammunition, but will, afin two years the People’s Bank of ter the war, he available for fertiliz-I.evis—that being the name of the ing purpose
new organization—reported a turn- Pending the increase of the output over of $31,116.42. Doubters were till all kinds of crops can be fertilized silenced, and the first converts to the with cynamide, Professor Gerlach ad-idea were enthusiastic. Many were vises that it be used mainly for infor having the system extended to creasing the grain yield; potatoes— other towns. But the founder of the the largest crop by far produced in i e',v bank would not even consider
In the course of his tour of works in various parts of England the King paid a visit to Leeds, writes a correspondent. At the station he was met “The lapping of the wavelets and W t^le Lord Mayor of Leeds (Mr. J. the breeze from the hills mingled with Bedford), the Town Clerk (Sir the song of eternal faith. And to Robert E. I* ox), and Captain Peter them Dr. Wallace Williamson declar- Thomas, a former Leeds solicitor, who
is now organizing secretary for the Ministry of Munitions in the Vork-
NAVY OF NINETEEN HUNDRED
AND FIFTEEN.
for the future of the German food

A Preacher’s Vision of the Sure Shield and Buckler of the
Empire.
ed the gospel of the soul’s peace.
Nailed Hand and Mailed Fist.
“He talked to them of that God flhire area.
How inspiring and fine Rev. Nor- whoso Power casts (,own the miKhty	Kin.*- wh° was *ttir*d, ,in th"
man Maclean, of St. Giles, Edinburgh, from thl‘ seata of their iniquity, and	khaki service uniform of a field mar-
in his impression of that great Ar- who tver exalteth the righteous and shal, looked particularly we I and mada which neither slumbers nor the mt’ek- There was but the one ¦ happy, and he smilingly acknowledged sleeps in the great North Sea, and to «hoice for the world to make-the he cheers which greeted him from which, under God, we owe our safety! choice between the nailed hand and ; the crowds which had become Let the feeble hearts read these glow- the mailed fist. It was because of the of his arrival and gathered outside ing words and cast out fear	overwhelming passion in their hearts the railway station and at the various
“From every ^mnel*of dreadnought, urging them to make the idea, of the places which he had visited^ cruiser and destroyer there rises into nailed hand of the Crucified operative The morning was occupied by visits the warm, still autumn air the smoke throughout the world that they were ; to five engineering works. The King lazily curling. For in every ship the there facing perils and death. And	displayed groat interest in the various
B——	.	fires are burning ceaselessly, and at a he told them of the 8oIdlerfl m Flan-	processes, and the genial manner in
is**
mmm mmspsgs	s mess mi
s2sttanssussœzS£rriSir*	ær.&iïzztjz1sts
^sc:i	e-eseet
To-day there arc over 150 of these ' preliminary sum of 2,000,000 francs couraged. But there can be no dis- The Maternent that her dead hus-	King laugh *	'	smiled	and	commanded: “Ten	min-
institutions in the Province of Que- ($400,000). As all arrangements for couragement for him who sees this. band who wa8 a drill sergeant, ap-	Aether veteran named Wilson. 75 ?***' re"tMwh»1* **»¦ w“ klws hei
has been granted for each patient an'midst of our streets; by the might of Westmeath, to assault Mr,. Kate "He shook hands right heartily." said '.phteousnew of tteir cause. They
i'.V-tvrq.bVr,,:.tss :
mm Mlf ;I^rz'iss
SS-HSS	5SK55f-- £fKS£5 a---= is an
dred dollars.	military hospital. _ ^eir grim sides, there comes to the !	_»_ shops with bunting to celebrate the
b,% ZZ	^	WXRriTSIXKTnRSHILLS.
ship is confined strictly to the locality Snakes have no eyelids, and there- whelming power standing guard over
in which the bank is established. fore never close their eyes. Their our homog the awful fear of the fate Sufferings of Others Make Some l or
There are no branches. Consequently, eyeball is covered with transparent that overwhelmed Belgium falling on	get Their Ilia,
complete neighbor-knowledge and the scale much resembling glass. When 1 possession of a common interest is an the reptile casts its outer skin the unfailing defence of the integrity of eye scales come off with the real of the funds. This common interest is the transparent envelope, out of made mory complete by the fact that the one-man-one-vote principle is sacredly maintained. Nobody, however wealthy, can buy shares and secure what is known in joint stock circles as "control "
The journeys were made, though with more secrecy and under all kinds of pretences. In one case a long-forgotten relation was suddenly remembered in some remote part of a remote department and great solicitude felt as to his health, which was so bad as to be an excellent reason to obtain the necessary permission to visit him from the Commissaire de Police or the military authorities.
Held Up March.
aware
bee alone,
Every One of Them Successful.
#
This is a genuine growth of the soil. No millionaire has patronized this system, no Government has sub-
*
ENGLISH DOG GETS RECRUITS.
Follows the Lancashire Regiment
Everywhere.
Red Cross and Ambulance Departments. Now, it would appear from the tale told by Captain Hunt, of the Herts Regiment, they have entered the recruiting service.
“When the regiment comenceel the tour at Newmarket/' relates the captain, “a Lancashire dog attached him-
and has now been with us nearly a fortnight. He is an English dog and belongs to a jolly good regiment—the I^ancashires.
“He has been with us everywhere all through the march. He has beer knocked do
by a motor car, and got up alive anc smiling like a Lancashire soldier “He likes women and children, in khaki, and is very band, but he earn male civilians hetw« *
+ -
WOMEN AS DISPENSERS
our women «n,I children i. lifted for Stra„gely enough, one of the re-
s %	J ¦ ¦ 11 !
mæmwâmmMmmmi
1U traVeU	were hu.hed in nil the world It ^	Proh.bly thi. i.n't all, paid career. It is, moreover, a very
not in great guns t a	0f |t; undoubtedly many who need a suitable profession, requiring a talent
of their calm lies, 01 y	physician are managing somehow to for detail, which most women possess,
down to the sea in ships e g ^ without, perhaps to their lasting The War Office employs a number of
cost.	¦¦	u	mmm
Chemistry Offer* Interesting and
Well-Paid Career
If In

which the snake slip*. This glassy

.
e and


The Beet Rule of Sound Banking
mer
fond of the it get along with n the ages of 19 41). After a recruiting meeting
He has
Why Alliee Buy Vaseline.
Tons of vaseline have been shipped recently to the allies, particularly to Russia.
ported that the Umws#
toms officer* made enquiry, learning	cf a sermon by the sea:—	denies that thinking has a lot to do I hours are not
it ia used for high explosives. Cor-	“On the shore of a green	isle on	^jth our ailments, with our happiness	exceed seven in the day's work.	Ex
dite, a powerful powder, has been the Sunday morning a representative Cr discontent, with everything in life, amination results show that women considered unstable, liable to prema congregation of sailors assembled to if war ha* helped some persons to have been very successful in the study	Pho
turely explode. Vaseline is discovered	worrhip God. The sunshine played in	think straight by giving them some-	of chemistry, and several girl	stu-f	Van	Perkins	complain*	that	ht
to be capable of holding the com-	the wavelets under their feet.	Above	thing to think of besides themselves	lents have lately won important	phar-1	trait*	don't	look	like	her.^^^
pound together, making cordite ser-	them the scanty fields of corn	on the	ft has offset a little its addition to the	mareutical scholarship* in open	com
I slopes were yellowing for the harvest. woe 0f humanity.	pet tion with men.
is made the basis of all loan transactions, that is, the person who wishes to borrow money must not only give security—the endorsement of two fellow-members is enough iff everything else is all right—but he must show that he can and will use the money profitably. No matter If the would-be borrower be a millionaire, he cannot borrow a dollar of the People's Hank n
qualit women dispensera in
A Seaside Sermon.	Nevertheless, this explanation tary hospitals, and there is an inrreas-
Mr. Maclean gives this description points to a very real thing; no one ing demand for their service*. Th<
, and
..I
So much of it has been ex
always let him 1< seldom brought us a lot of recruit


*
Unreasonable
Mr
MB a L, , , e. *
ista nt
ney for purposes of enjoy-
AU the capital is iug, and the People's
Photographer—Complain, does she? ght to be grateful.
(iimlay
men*
viceeble in warfare.

thus
i y ri
###PAGE###4###
THE EQUITY.
Moved !»y Barnett and \V. H I Ilo«l^in* that By-law No, o.*> 1 >e read t time, t 'arried.
,i\\ No, read a second time. Moved 1>> Smile) and Arctic that U\ law No. O.i lu- read a third tilth diort and passed.
Bv-law

Fall Suitings
A I’ll I	KltM' (Ll’11
I
i
W\
SHAWV1LLE, NOV. II, 1913.
For Over Forty Years It Ha* Met 111 <t)uveii'* Park, Toronto.
PILLS
For over 40 years a number of young, grey-headed men, anything from 5o years of age upward, have made the benches under the trees In and Smile) that Queen’s Park, Toronto, a place of m ployed to plow rendezvous every Sunday (weather h*r the * uulng permitting) for a friendly chat.
They have no regular form of discussion. No chairman; but Quaker-like, they speak as the spirit moves them, and while at times their repartee is productive of laughter,
| there is always an air of earnest ; thought, and their subjects ot discussion show that they are all well read men who have traveled widely. They will quote Darwin, Huxley,
, Spencer, and other great scientists as Mayor	ae t thirsty	pup
rvttvt complain nhout pain* in your kick I Campbell ami ('•‘imviüni' Noting, Hor-' drink water. Pointers in biology
1C 'M- ^ -er.m.l KiHoran,	| psychology, eugenics, g.aJugy, ami
naturut way by goiug right to the root of the j M mut« - of last meeting read and mythology seems to hu\e been the trouble	'adot>t< l.	principal diet thM enabled them t«»
AÆ	M-»ved l.\ coun*. Horner and Voting reach their present state of peren-
M	“ Æ	I	MlldS	' tlmt the following 1411 In* paid : It. A.	nlal youth, and while at	times	they
¦	Jfl	I	17%	(irant, goods supplied Laughrin ftynilv,	set a little hot around	the	collar,	they
m B Jr 111^t	never exhibit any great irritation
' t'::	AË&S, ESS
look	over tlu-	situation	in the	..«Urn h.";ts .mi	repla.v I’homas .Munary as pathmaster.	Uck at the fortieth,
at	the	Dardanelles	and	in'	a d<*e of Giu Piib	intime eaves a world of	i t. oun. i oiing gave notice that lie will Now they are on	the	subject of
I - .t. Humor has it tlmt he max take I “"vou win«.«„iw,.he.^ m,d "	'»voting of Coimcil introduce eugenics
...	....	. *	. whM Mrs J. I\ T. Wedge. of Sumwerside, ft 1') law dealing With sttllllp tehees
'	11 lliUl1' t,u‘ ‘olied armies that I r.K.i. write»:	I causing a public nuisance along muni-
cipal roads.
Movetl by conns. Young and Horner that By-law No. 77 lie read a first time, as follows ; Whereas, it is necessary in the interests of the public that mads IS ! should lie maintained during the winter National Drug & Chemical Co. ' ulM,n 1,111 regular lines of travel a> much
of Canada, Limited, Toronto 1	'..iMv ;	i,,orderto
!î
I red wound
U‘> read a third time and
I »
FOR Ti £
Hi
Call and see our New Fall Goods.

Moved |»v 11 \ IUI,
s
\i
I
¦ e
1 i!
A
m
w
• •
VI
Tu) «pel's ici
warded from Mmrlm

va i
w n
I
1
i
Overcoats for Men
In the Latest Belted Styles, with Shawl Collars.
s. K. I { O| H « IN s
S. M
• • •
• • •
XX
Tu
s
IS
Stop
Backaches

Bristol Council Mooting
•‘ports from t>ttawa si tinilU tU'fiilvil to esta
the manut s, on the basis of a ii (beat Britain.

\
!
1'1
B«
Bristol, Xov. 1 if 1 Hie Municipal Cou ne il of Bristol met ib »ve ilat
I

Also Sweaters, Gloves and Mitts.
1 Old

if anything is wrong with the const i-• * 'ii under which wv live, it i> that it tl-»rd< demagogues of the ilourassa d'V a hang sight too much likntv.
MURRAY BROS., SH/\WVILLE.

There are no The 39 never
SEE—
fl. A. HOWARD’S Warerooms
FOR # A t FEW # BARGAINS
v> lU
lia
i
I
One remarked that no unfit man or woman should be allowed to marry or be given the least opportunity to reproduce their diseased kind
lion or separation. If that were done disease would soon become unknown.
"Suppose you were an
“Gin Pills art the greatest of all Kidney remedies and a medicine which is at present doing me a world of good They are worth their weight in gold to any sufferer.”
Get GIN PILLS to-day at your dealer's. 60c h box, or 6 boxes for #2.60. Trial treatment FKKK if you write
haw landed in the Balkans to assist
3 New Munto McIntosh Buggies 1 New Miinro McIntosh two sent Express
1	No. 1 Maxwell Churn
2	Bluebell Washers
3	Connor Washers
Maxwell and Connor 3 and 5 year Wringers Double and Single Harness
2	Second Hand Square Pianos
1 Second Hand Cam Organ, good condition
3	Pair Farm Sloops, slightly used
1	Pair Heavy Horses, will exchange for pair of drivers
2	New Waggon Gears.
All kinds of repairs and accessories for Ford Cars kept in
stock ; also Gasoline and Oil.
>erna
It should be a case of opera-
te
Government will invite the P" 1 de of Camula to subsvrilie to ;i d"Miotic loan for war purpose* known that there i* a great deal of money in Canada and those who control it arc to lie given a chance to display their patriotism l»y becoming creditors <»f the Dominion at a time when it is passing through the most serious |»eriod -•! its existence.
Mr. Hood
epileptic and you loved a young girl, would you not wish to marry her?
....	...	. Wouldn’t you say: If you love me as
m.ikv tin. |...vsil.lv, «>mv stump fences, ; i0ve you, no man shall cut our love : J erected along municipal roads, should in two?”
he removed and replaced hv open fences to prevent an accumulation of
upon the travelled mads : it is there-1 loved her he'd think more of her wel-fore enacted !>y by-law of this township fare and the natural results of maras follows :	*	rylng her.”
That from the entiling into force of General discussion followed. When thU by-law and u;#on the rei*ort of a a *ra' cler of the North-West Terri-siHvial supei iutendeiit, appointed |)V ' tories, Peace Hiver district, gave
SSSss® -
1,1 ,!11' t..wiiMhip and V.ms.dvr.-d a	-Both these tribes were equally de-
S' SSÈ5EFÏ tS ! S5SSBS5E
we are not in very luxurious quarters we cannot always write when we would
like to
It is
A Voice:	"A real red-blooded man
snow wouldn’t say any such rot. If he
Well, it is once more and >till in the same place. Everything i* going quietly lien*, only it is |»nor weather ami wc are still without blankets
soon W e .'t >• »uie
straw last night and also had a bath and a clean change of underwear. *,% ks and towel. 1 got most of nix stuff kick 1 hail lost everything ; 1 sure am
ô -10- 1
but xxc xx ill U- back in the trenches and will not care then
General Kir Sam Hughes has invited Armand Lax ei gne, the well-known Nationalist to raise a regiment for over si in his county but the gallant Colonel has declined to do so, on the ground asserted and reiterated from time to time since the war began that he is ppo*vd to Canadians engaging in warfare other than the defence of Canada.
f the newspajaTs are suggesting that Armand i> either a coward or a
Whether he is either or both, ttitude is such, however, as to dv-I his decapitation as colonel of a dian regiment.

lucky
We
sa xx
—whiskey and too close an intimacy with the white men is the principal cause. This degeneracy is not always confined to the Indians. The white man who falls into their ways degenerates too.
The subject then got on to evolution, and Mr. Hood, a well-versed man, who couldn’t be convinced of anything, said he was willing to be convinced, but hadn’t yet met the man who could convince him.
Mr. Kirke said that Darwin was the father of modern evolution. His statement was based upon facts.
Mr. Hood replied that he might fancy the moon was a green cheese, but his fanty wouldn’t make it a fact. "Anyone who believes in Darwin in ten years’ time will be laughed at. You can get a mule from a horse and a donkey, but you can’t . ,	,	,	get offspring from a mule, and any
in*!rurtcti to find out tlie view* ut ai fool knows that there is no such thing
majority of the ratepayer* north of the as spontaneous germination. My fith con. line and report.	friend over there is talking some-
Moved by conn. Young that we do thing that nobody knows about and
now adjourn
These goods are all bought for cash, hence I can give a close deal on any terms.
Give us a call.


Moved by rotins, Killoran ami Young that By law 77 lie read a second time. By-law No. 77 read a second time. Moved by conns. Young and Canip-l*cll that By-law No. 77 Ik* brought up a third time and read short and passed.
By-law No. 77 brought up and read a third time and passed.
Moved by vomis. Campbell and Young TI	: that Hugh Boss be apminted a s|iecial
V'"' r,,'t superintendent re. By-law No. 77.
¦¦ k., I.u I think those M<>vvd | v vnlms. Killoran and Horner vm acceptable as the cold L,lat thv roUectimi Boll for 191ti
"" lmv	he aiH-eptoa.
, i'iV”1* A discussion took place re. division
...	,	*'' \,hv Y "	<>f the townshi,
" ill surely find her nustak-
G. A. HOWARD.
or
1 K yes, 1 would be very glad to have a pair of socks. It takes about one pair every six week' for here. We cannot buy things we want like that. Also if I could get a pair of one lingered gloves, like we used t<
Tappers Dream Realized trade, it would U- fine not t
Mother could pack them in a tin box ’host- who knew Sir Charles Tapper, and send it by mail t., well, rememlxT with pride his our clothing is o.
'a rat ion that lie would live long would !*•
,ixH• bushels of i weather will not 1 : of what Northwest, now the provinces of Manitoba, and All
made during the debate on tin of thirty million dollars to tin
A ri - lii anadian Li lierai, I coming in w n • was on the floor of the House of welcome new- w hen wt
iv. referred to this take care of ourselves, for it i* not tin y "lien learning of | fighting finit C the worst over here.
Now, 1 shall have to draw f
Sjk ik - in hi	a i, inimitable fash i " ith l"\. ami I" w i J,
'.lid
:2in),u00,<XK> bushels of of t h it r>mntry. and I flu < ivrmans i derision went up lit sounds like business. This 1
That J a very pretty place : but made a wreck of it in short
i
wear at the
heavy.
We Can Do It

I
a>
I,
That is, supply you with the kind of STOVE, RANGE, HEATER, FURNACE that will give best satisfaction. Call and be convinced.
We have just
was then
comprising I Things look not t Naskatche- Bulgaria
proud boast | anyhow, there van only In* one end, t
we must win, and if they do go in, w„y it will lie nearly balanced by the others
But it certainly will be
an lie freed to
got tl
III »
t uim. Killoran wa
This
i
\\
1
V. I*. I!
he don't know himself. Whatever our boys at the front may have been before they enlisted, there is not a man of them who before he has been in the trenches three days but becomes a Christian.”
And so it goes.
Oku. T. hltVMMoNh,
Sec -Tiva*
,i
i
i
G. W. DALE
PRACTICAL TINSMITH Shawville, Que.
l

th of the aged baronet
i

to all. from
t\s
Didn't Have to Come.
"Don't any of your friends come to see you on visiting days:" asked the kindly old lady.
responded No. 777.4 14; “they re nil here wit' me.*—Buffalo , Express.
n

" I "ill 1 i \	you: true brothel I till v
1\ sBHÉÜ

11
t • %

ougll t takeni nee a roai
the OpiHisition lunches, ace thirty year* ago, but 1 can :t yet, so great an exaggeration did pear to the Lilieral mendier* of
< >ui big gun* are talking t 1 like to hear then

WILD RADISH.
g"

i
Watch and (Block Repairing Dept.
i
It Is a Very Common Pest in the Maritime Provinces.
Wild radish is a very common pest in the Maritime Provinces, and, in fact, is as objectionable as mustard.
The condition of things referred to in our correspondent's letter can easily be explained by the fact that
the seeds of wild radish are able to	We make a specialty of Watch
lie dormant in the soil for many years
without losing their power °f g.rmin- /ÆfjjniL&xCleaning and Repairing of all
fall a great many of the wild radish	kinda
seeds were placed under conditions so If I (i j C 41/. 'P*	niiiu».
f	' r"“ """
the oat field than in the fallow land v	mffli	to receive careful sud intelligent treat-
is not clear. Possibly the explana- \ u1 m
tlon is that the fallow land received \	ment from expert and skillful hands,
more stirring with the cultivator and \ vy
SSS1 r.îr-LS^wTÎ.'.’S	*S9#j#W CU«-t. »,«l T.lkl„g SI., bine, re|»ired,
able to state definitely how many	régulateti, and set in fine running order,
mant, bu^authoriUes ^ataTe^that they bwelei y and all small wares mended, cleaned and repoli shed in
“7. irzs. —*	—»•
ling wild radish, several have been used to advantage. First, cultural
Toon ‘afterPbarre*t 'a**1 pô.ilbîJ! a* <>l R MOTTO-Neet, Prompt and Reliable. Price? Always Reasonable.
as to force all the seed In the upper layers to sprout, then to destroy these, after they have nicely shown themselves, by harrowing. In the spring this same soil should be cultivated as soon as possible to start the germination of the weed seeds, and then by means of a spike toothed harrow and weeder the weeds can be easily destroyed. After the crop has been planted the weeder should be continued In order to destroy the weeds.
When fields are badly Infested with wild radish It Is advisable to Introduce a crop which can be tilled during the entire season, potatoes, roots, corn.
Another method of dealing with
,i
war ha* der. I»v

i
h\
« i
11\
After the Honeymoon.
“I think Ills love Is growing c old." “Now. my dear, you mustu't I mag I no things.”
“It Is not imnglnntlon
Shawville Council Minutes
It wa* the well-justified lmti*t of a >stnnn who had confidence in his
Regular meeting of t lu
Municipal
Council of Shawville held Tuesday, I November 2nd, 1915.
r,(
... !¦	.	, xr , Xl	cillorw Hynes Argue, R. G
V\ I . ( an y, son of Mr. and M rs w. H. Hudgins, Smiley and Harnett.
<	of Starks Corners who	Moved by Argue and Hynes that
in	mining and "ent overseas minutes of sriecial and regular meetings
i the Muninier, and who is on the ** nnw ^d W adopted.--Carried,
jnh.r ine in U-lgium, lia*	recently sent | ^ Moved by Smiley and	W. H.	von would bar# to	put	on another
Ti ‘!	^tvr Mm# - Hodgins that bill of J. F. Dale,	amount	damp.	Pretty Blond-Gracious!	I'm
Th, letter to Mi*» larey |-Carried.	j ,1l(1 , dMo't ,l6n m, middle name!-
3. Moved by Smiley and Argue, that, in view of this village D ing in favor of
Dear Sister :	I prohibition, we hereby instruct our	___
•I .*t a few lines, hoping you are all	mayor to support the prohibition mea-	‘ s,)	RljC lias	broken	the engagement!
on the healthy and happy list of friends	sure at the December meeting of the	Did	she	give	you	back the	diamond
the old I. 1 had a	letter from I County Council. Carrier!	rlngT*
«nd also from home.	I g a fair i. Moved bv Argue and R. G Hod
mail, but it is all w< une - r I gins t hat a by-law, to be know:	I ;	*h® *01	give me back	the	price I	paid
here, for we cannot get papiers and it is ! law No. 95 of the record* of this Voun- ^or but diamonds have doubled in very hanl to get late news, and we ci I, levying a rate of 15 mills on the val°e nnd that she Is entitled to the cry little, only what is doing on dollar on all taxable jvoperty in this ] profit”—Philadelphia Ledger, our own little front. We are having a	municipality, to defray the current ex
rest, but our time is nearly up to be	penses for the year 1915, lie now in-	Made	Her	a	Fright.	*
again. I cannot say any dates as tmduced.	"Mrs. Jones has a new bat.”
hen we will be in or out of the By-law No. 95 introduced.	"Well, you look mightily pleased
es. This w ill lm our second trial.	| At a	meeting of the	Municiis*! Conn-	about	It”
pur fir*t was mostly pretty easy ; hut	cil of	the village of	Shawville, held	“You	Just ought to see how It looks
wejfo not ex|iect to have rt like that ; Tuesday, Nov. 2nd, 1915, in conformity	her.*'—Houston Post.
I cannot say a great lot, a* we with the provisions of the Municipal ¦r-i r« t" sax nothing that would I Code "f the Province of (/ueliec, at	In Diet
f any use to the enemy should the ! which session were present the Mayor, "Why are yon flying your flag up* ¦fall into their hands in anv way. W. J. Hades and Councillors Hynes, side down, Suburb#T”
HWe_are now in huts or shacks, hut Argue, R. G. Hodgins, W H Hodgins, *To let the neighbor# know that the have no blanket* in our outfit, that is, I Smiley and Barnett, under the pre*i cook's gone and all Invitations are off.” i u quarter* ; >*ur w# know that hl.-n.y of the may-a, r i i. - —Philadelphia Ledger, everyone is not as unlucky as we are. ordained and enacted by By-law No. 95 At the same time if we were in a place	of the	records of this	Council that a
where they could not lie got, why, not a	rate of	15 mills on the	dollar be levied
man would mind it. Anyhow probably (on all taxable |»roperty in this munici-we may fare better after awhile Ben seemed to en what be bfid me. will get along well.
take him a little while to get used to | Carried this kind of life.
trv
He rend* n aewsi r w hile 1 sift sitting ou bis ap."— Louisville Courier-Journal.
Letter fro
the War Zone
H
Mayor Eul
uvl Coiin-. Hodgins,
vs
<
Close Figuring.
Postal Clerk-Your letter Just balances. miss
I
If it weighed any more

to
/
I
i Carey follow*

" Belgium, 3 10-’15
The Feminine Financier.
"No. We are deadlocked. She says
All Work Guaranteed.

V


H. SHADEL

9

Watchmaker and Jeweler.
THE MARKETS.
Heifer Astray



Strayed from the premise# of the undersigned about the first of August, a red heifer. I year old. Information leading to her recovery thankfully received.
WRSLKY HYNRS.
Clarendon Front.

crs
Flour perbarrel $0.U0
Wheat, pei bushel, standard--
Oats,per bushel. 36c.
Butter tubs, prlntsand rolls 25c. Potatoes pei bag. 66c.
Eggs per dosen *k\
Pork per 100 lbs.7.60 to8.00 Hides per 1001 ha. 12.00 Pelts 75to 1.00 each Horse Hides each 2.50 Calfskins each 75 to 1.00 Veal Skins, each 90c
such as
King of the Penguins.
Many of tbs Falkland Inlands are Inhibited only by penguins, whence the wild radish Is to spray the plants title "King of the Penguins," which Is early, that Is, before they have a
chance tv form seed, with sulphate of Iron solution, 80 lbs. to 40 gals, of water, applied at a pressure of 80 to 100 lbs. so that a One mist Is formed. — Fan. Uy Herald and Weekly Star.
p&lily, to defray the current expense* for the year 191».
6. Moved by Hynes and Hmiley that Of coarse it will I By-law No. 95 be read a first time.—
For Service
A pure bred Berkshire bore for vice. Fee $1.50 for two ; $1.00 single.
JÀS McLARNON.
hi* trip west, by am sure that be
sometimes bestowed on the go Of the Falkland#.
*°f
By-law read a first time
lost self respect—Youth's Companion.
%
###PAGE###5###
THE EQUITY,
owe ne aia point opt tmj aiipcuitifce
wbldi w»To rait'il by 1 ht) maMufactur-| jc me war uince pm ciiumh eiioum oe ith themaolvea. These difficulties placed In Canada, It being pointed wero by no moans small. No one mt that tills country ha<l generously knew how long the war would last, responded to the rail for increased nor what the requirements in muni- ; production. It was further pointed out M°ns would be. It was not till within that in consequence of this fact, a Ihe last few months that they had surplus of cattle hlisted and that the come to realize how necessary was securing of a market through male to the production of war munitions, and the War Office should prove of great the manufacturers of Canada were benefit to the farmers. The Minister ready to turn out whatever quantity Is pleased to be able to state that ho Hrltlsh Government asked them throughout these negotiations lie has o produce. The Minister pointed out been assured that the War Office has that shell orders were not Issued by viewed with much sympathy the re-the Shell Committee on their owti res- quests which he had made for the bonslblllty, but under direction of the placing of business In Canada and War Office.	| he Is hoping that further contracts
Sir Sam briefly outlined the work of may be secured, the first Canadian division. On the lie has been advised that a reply outbreak of war Canada had about 60,- to the tender of frozen meat can 000 cadets in the country, and of that 1 scarcely be expected for some days, number 20,000 had done duty for King fcnd country. He recalled the early
HOMEMAKERS’ CLUBS.
TIME OF MEETING :
One Way to Get Rich
is to Buy Low.
Weakly Journal devoted to Local Interests,
Published every Thursday
\i Shawville, County Pontiac, Que.
Austin - First Tuesday, Murrells - Second Wednesday, Elmside - Second Wednesday, Bristol, • - First Thursday, Starks Corners, Second Thurs. Wyman, - . First Friday, Shawville - First Saturday, Yarm - Last Saturday,
of each month.
SUH.ICIUPTIOIT, $1 AYKAn IN ADVANCE
i4T All arrears must be paid up before %ny p iper U discontinued.
Baby Blankets at 75 cents each. They are soft
and Huffy in finish, and may be had in pink or blue and patterned with “ Little Bo Peep.”
O
!
' ADVERTISING RATES.
Leg U advertising, 10 cents per line for 1st Insertion au«l ft cents per line or each Mibseqtient insertion
Business cards not exceeding one inch inserted at $3.00per year.
Local announcements inserted at tin rate of H cents per line for first insertion ftnd ft cents for subsequent insertions.
Com nerds I advertising by the month or for longer periods inserted at low rates which will be given on application.
Advertisements received without instructions accompanying them will be In-nertel until forbidden and charged for accordingly.
Birth, marriage and death notices pub-Ish - I free of charge. Obituary poetry declined.
Women’s Neckwear at 25 and 50 cents.
The smartest lot of Neckwear we have ever shown at these prices, consisting of all the newest styles and shapes in fine sheer organdies, tucked and hemstitched, high back, pleated collars ; also dainty Collar and Cuff Sets.
PLANETS AND OUR WEATHER.
d t v* of the conflict, and the days at	------
V'alc artler. War was declared on Aug- | Despite Popular Belief There Is No ust 4th On the morning of the m !i
Valrartler warn ready for occupation. That the planets and the moon have
SaiHSb.ff’jrs.-J
his views, did not mean, nor ever * baseless, for all changes of weather would mean, repression. 13y discipline depend upon differences In temporaire meant «culture, polish and self con-	lure.	linuiiniy mi	¦	awa.ii.
trol, and no finer example of this sort	Rainfall is	due	to tbe accumulation	nUWIuK HA I	1	flTTflWA
of discipline had been afforded than of water in the atmosphere. This wa-	^
SîrHS ttSm&VffSZ January 18, 19, 20, 21,
selves against the most disciplined A«ul evaporation requires beat Winds
soldiers in the world.	a,so are due to heat-greater warmth	JU1 Q
The Battle of St. Julien	in one place than in another causing
| The Minister gave the Club a de- tbe air to rush toward where the warm	-----------
tailed explanation of the Canadian	air is rising.	(ft | £ aaa	isj	nDITTO
position at 8t. Julien, a description	If the moon	and the	planets	could	wlD.UUU.Ull	IN	I nlltO.
ErH~3EB £ ~F’":™ "J«"
fare, in any kind of warfare, that an So ^‘hnitesitnailj small that it is not President, enemy had resorted to gas. and the enough to change the temperature ao Turcos, totally unaccustomed to gas, appreciable fraction of a degree. The as indeed were the Canadians, but amount of heat they send us has actu-lacking the Canadian resourcefulness, ally been measured, but It needed the fell back. Tills left a gap of 7,000 or njost delicately sensitive of instru-8,000 yards in the line. The Cana- ment9 to Dercelve It
«'»•	w...
adians, ably assisted by their British e 3 nor t,,e raoon ha'e anT effect uP°n comrades later, held the front against our weather is t lia t careful com pa ri-flve and ten times their numbers who sons of the weather with the positions had the best long range artillery in of the planets and the moon show that the world. Yet with all that the Ger- there is no relation between them. If
mans only succeeded in retiring the there were we should have the same Canadian line one mile and an eighth.
Sir Sam announced that whenever the call came for larger forces, steps would be taken to provide for a force up to whatever number was required.
Canada, he believed, would not fall	Japan’s Good Roads.
In her duty when the time came for	Japan is peculiarly well off In rathe overseas army to be increased,	gpect of good highways. The Toknido,
There had been no failure in the past.
On the contrary, when the first call went forth for 20,000 they got 33,000;
when they asked for 60,000 they se-	.
cured 75,000, and since authority had *tructed. There is also the Nakasendo, And other Game during Close Season
been given to recruit 160,000 they had	Which Is even longer and passes by reporting at once to the undersigned
over that number.	through some of the finest scenery In 1
A Fight to a Finish	the world. The reason of Japan’s ex-
Canada, declared Sir Sam, would cellencc in the matter of roads is never be content with less than a fight	|n the 0|j (j0yg> not so very long ago, *	f',r	convicting evidence.	All	cor
0° the” world laevePeiông10enoughatbeen	‘he. dalmlos; ” territorial nobles had respondence strict',	private	and	confi
terrified h, the clanging of the sabres to Journey to Tokyo once a year In or- dental. • of the Hohenzollern family. The day	der to Pay their respects to the sot-
has arrived in human progress and	ereign. They traveled by road, with
civilization when the thing will not	great retinues, and if the highways
I express	were not in perfect condition, feudal
justice was meted out to the delinquents.—London Spectator.
OTTAWA
WINTER FAIR
Connection Between Them.
JOB PRINTING
Ribbons are always needed. Duchesse Ribbon, 4 inches wide in white, sky pink, cardinal, navy, and black. Per yard, 20 cents.
Ml klittle of Job Printing neatly and cheaply executed. Order» by mall promptly attended to.
JOHN A. COWAN.
Publisher
Professional Cards.
Pure Silk Ribbons, 5j inches wide, in white, sky
pink, navy, red and black, at 15 cents per yard.
DR. A. H. BEERS
W. 0.JADKSON
Secretary, CARP, ONT
i
SURGEON DENTIST
CamPMLi.s Bay
Doctor of Medicine and Master of Surgery McGill University.
Doctor of Dental Surgery, University of Pennsylvania.
Licentiate of Dental Surgery, Quebec.
Qve
40 cent values in Soaps for 25 cents. 4 large
cakes of Infants Delight Soap for 25 cents.
< ITTAWA, ONT
\N hen you want the best value for your
. money In ..
MEN’S NECKTIES
SHINGLES
As for Men’s Neckties the marks left from frequent tying and untying, and the holes left by scarf pins are there for all to see. Our 50 cent Neckties include new designs.
at $1.65 per M
and up
Also Lath#, Dry Lumber, Clapboard. Flooring. End Matched Hardwood Floor ing. Mouldings, Doors, etc., try
S. A. MACKAY
NOTARY PUBLIC
Shawvllle,----Que.
weather when the planets were in the same position, which U not the case.— New York World
A. F. CAMPBELL,
box 455
Arnpviur, Out
B. MILLAR, L.L.L.
HELP PROTECT THE DEER.
We are opened to buy any quantity of Good Sound Potatoes and Clean Hand-Picked Beans.
ADVOCATE,
Bryson - - • Que.
Will visit Shawville every Saturday
which runs from Kioto to Tokyo, is over 300 miles In length and, as the writer can testify, is admirably con-
i an>' violation of the Game Law you be-aware of. Liberal compensation
D. R. BARRY, K.C.
C. F. HODCINS CO
come
BARRISTER, ADVOCATE, AC
«Offlce'and Residence
Campbells Bay, Que.
itt Visit* Shawville every Saturday
N.McCUAIC
Prov Game Warden
Bryson. January 1913.
r?
J&J be tolerated any longer, r	the sentiments of every man and
r	every woman (God bless them) In
?	Canada when I say that If It takes
(	two, the number qlready
C	four or forty divisions*. (
( i,land.-; the	be foufeh* to iHHIHHIIHHIH
(	finish and until the German rub r i,	cry	and consolers, as recreators and
La	humiliated and the German fleet no	amusers, books are always with us and
W I longer a menace to Great Britain."
.	, A1_	.	... I On the same day that he addressed
dians to enrol themselves In that force, the Canadian Club, Sir Sam spoke to
could not have been given effective the convention of the Ontario, n	, ..	,	...
expression	without	the	practical	abil-	W.C.T.U., when he said that “we will	our	Presides, in the lonely wilderness for Quebec planting
tj^MInjster^ of	Militia	to	set | never allow liquor In any of our	aml	t,ie crowded city their spirit will
*	'	campa. I have absolutely no use for be with us, giving a meaning to the
man either in uniform or out of seemingly confused movements of bu-
\\ e are ! inanity and peopling the desert with full particular*
their own bright creations.—John Al-
I
CEO.C. WRIGHT, K.C.
AGENTS WANTED
Canada At War

a-
the front, Canada ae-
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, AC-
Good Company.
As friends and companions, as teach-

-TO SELL—
196 Main St. - Hull.
MclNTOSH RED APPLE TREES
I

always ready to respond to our wants, and othei specialties in general Fruit
We offer for the »ea*oi& of 1915 and 1916 a splen lid li»t of hardy varieties suitable
PHONE BELL
J. Ernest Caboury, LL. B.
ADVOCATE
BARRI 5TER A SOLICITOR
CAMPBELLS BAY, QUE.
uiau ivivc, ami mu rvauiueoa ui vau**
SIR SAM HUGHES AND HIS WORK IN
MILITIA DEPARTMENT	1“ïÏÏSSÆb  ..........................I........
of Militia would have done some ot it. uniform who Is a drinker but nut all, nor nearly all. Sam carrying out practical temperance Hug.ies had advantages which fitted ideas, and one of the reasons why I f , ,	» H
him peculiarly for the quick perform- am determined to maintain the dry ^id Langford.
He H&, Accomplühed Wonder.	"
; tin book. He has seen active service, satisfaction that the man who does not Jl<- hi s travelled over most of the drink is, as far as endurance is con 'ground in northern Franc? and Bel- corned, far better than the man who glum, where the western fighting has indulges in Intoxicants ' been done. He knew the sort of a	He Banished Liquor
knUthtod by" tlT1 Kl1™ HrgbeS T ^	wh&t wrt'of rhamp^I" of
knighted by the King a few weeks	soldiers the French	were. He knew	banished the wet canteen from the	(be	girl	didn’t bear	me	when I pro-
**°;h;“d„^m.e Oeneral Sir Sam	the British Tommy	and the British	military camps In Canada, but he	posed.1'-London Standard.
jwminV'?,°.ky B<? Wh^ ”es	knew the member» of the made the regulation applicable to all
Pdrj3nalattention.0penallhours.lto wonder at .boutTit	^	Hé	moV.lce^LTn^"’^
----------•---------- I	‘Iren Me golden ^befo^ He knew hi. own country like, book	“?r Sam 7. himself a wale:
When Sir Sam Hughes addressed and lie knew his own countrymen	linker.	Recent	restrictions	on	the
the ( anadlan Club of Ottawa a week from one ocean to the other. In other	saie	0f liquor,	applicable	to civilians
ÇLVllhe5,„!i.8kSlCh 0f	WK°rda hu kneW the playerB and aI1	well as to soldiers, are the growth
the work done by the Militia Depart-	about the game. Could there have	0f	his dry canteen regulation
ment of Canada In the war and by	been a better man to	do what the Ger-	other words. General Sir Sam Hughes
- SHAWVILLE I lhe Canadian troops at the front, he	mans said could not	be done, to **im-	|8 a practical temperance reformer.
bs ssy srvsyg srx.....
All calls will receive prompt I>er-| knew whose work It was. Just as King General Sir Sam talked to the Otta-
Oeorge did when he said ‘ Arise Sir wa Canadian Club on "The War and Bam ‘ or words to that effect.	Our Duty." He said that Canada had
Still Looks Ahead	done well in her commercial duty and
Everybody knows It Even the ene- In her military duty. He said that mles of the Minister of Militia—and j Canadian manufacturers had risen
he has them—admit that to his tireless	nobly to the occasion In the manufac-	Six	and a Quarter Million Pounds	of
energy, his unremitting labor and his	lure of munitions. Soon after the war	Canned Beef From Canada	Chean
extraordinary foresight, the remark- began, the British Government asked	--- *• », — r#hh,	ln/1n1<TO
D1„w.v nn .«Fs-rSTyiS wastirs.'ssus	-rE Z	, SB-wcsirura
RAILW AY CO.|“d • ^ie ^aa ma<l® other people order was somewhat email he had ter of Agriculture, has now Issued a Then let her try a I if tic conversation three yearn. A homenteader may live
work night and day He la charged with	thought that Canadian establishments	; statement, conveying the Information	on the	line	between	New York and San within nine mile	of	hi*	homestead	on	a
having made mistakes, which charge la	could carry out the work, not only to	i that the War Office has accepted ten-	Francisco/'—New	York Times.	farm	of at least MO acre*,	on certain condl-
proof of hie Industry, because the only keep the factories going, but to do I tier# from the packers for six million	_—	Hon*. A habitable house l* required
_	.	. man who never makes mistakes la the something In the way of providing : and a quarter pounds of canned corn-	Children of Today.	except when residence in performed In
Train Service I r	SLXSKfK JLSTZJt 3	ttTUSUÎÏ	222 r,Z ^ Sf'°
Jsssœ S-eSirSra	era —-...............................
(,	Mm,	|«v1	\V~\nVlLxr	IKd	for wh,ch h# hse ¦Wm.	To^lay they were producing in Can-	are now finding their way to the Tor
on	Monday,	W	rdnesday ar.d	I n-	Not that he ha* finished either He	ada tens of thousands of tons of steel.	I onto and Montreal Stock Yards The
¦	Open hearth steel was being used	and	outlet, which the	Minister has beer
planning,	organising	and	arranging,	this possesses all the essential qusl-	striving to obtain,	at least In regard
still looking	ahead	and	preparing	for	Itles of crucible steel. Canada	was	to a considerable	proportion of this
I rodudng her own sine, and for	the | class of cattle, has now been found,
first time in Canada trinltrotolurlne It le of coarse perfectly true that ! was being made. Gun cotton was he
.'Ill
We can take them with us lu our wanderings or gather them around us at
Liberal commissions tory. Handsome free outfit
Exclusive terri. Write for
THE MAN AND HIS JOB
STONE AND WELLINGTON
Font hill Xurxeiles.)
< Established 1887).
Will he In Fort Coulonge every Wed eies-lay and Shawville every Saturday,
TORONTO
ONTARIO
Rescued by Nature.
"Were you ever lost In the woods?" "Almost."
"Who rescued you?"
"Nature."
and Is Still At It
GEORGE HYNES
Sir Sam Has Abolished the Wet
Canteen
PROMPTLY SECURED
"What do you mean?"
"The wiud was blowing so hard that
Embalmer and Funeral Director
Main Street,Shawville.
In a
He
MARION & MARION, 364 University St., Montréal.
Smoked Ceilings.
Smoke from a lamp or gas often soils a celling In the one particular spot, while tbe rest remains beautifully white. It Is useful to know that soiled ceilings caused by lamp and gas will be rendered less conspicuous If rubbed over with dry whiting.
.A

UNDERTAKING
SYNOPSIS OF CANADIAN NORTHWEST LAND REGULATIONS-
In
HAYES A FINDLAY
(opposite J. H. Shaw's.)
Just What He Meant.
"Is the rain still keeping up?"
"Why. what dye mean? I haven't seen any rain."
"That's what I asked you. If It was still keeping up?'*—Exchange,
I HE sole head of a family, or any male x over 18yearsold , may homestead a quarter section of available Dominion land in Manitoba, Saskatchewan or Alberta. Applicant must app perion at the Dominion Lands Agency or Sub agency for the District . Entry by proxy may be made at any Dominion Lands Agency (but not sub agency) on certain conditions.
HON. MARTIN BURRELL LANDS A HUGE ORDER FROM THE WAR OFFICE
four I attention
W. J HAYES.
J. V. FINDLAY
ear In
CANADIAN
V
Change In
1¦¦¦¦¦
districts a homesteader In tan ling may pre-empt a quarter i alongside hi homestead Price $3.00 per acre
Duties—Six months residence In each _	_	of three years after earning homestead
For Example.	| patent ; also 30 acres extra cultivation.
"Everything bas got to be Improved , Fo'-emption patent may he obtained as
right «long to go tbm d.,.."	°" cm,ln
"Not at all. Take love making. I A settler who has exhausted his home There haven't been any Improvement#	riffht may take a purchased home
tarmTcouher ClT	5. 'T
WTUI# Courier-Journal.	I months In each of three years, cultivate
* acres and erect a house worth $300. The area of cultivation Is subject to re
According to «to.. . Chronic,., th. I fc'J ‘°l!%%%'XMXSH	°,Vr
title of "Doomsday Book" arose from | cultivation under certain condition*. tbe circumstance that tbe original document was kept In a place In Westminster cloister# called Do mu# Die, or
r.	,	Not that he has finished, either.
IV. Westbound mrnvwmt Shnw- u etul working day and night, .till % llle 10.1.) A. in.* Slid oast bound	planning, organising and arranging.
Additional service between Otta- what 1# yet to come.
A Peculiar Fitness
<l/i
Wa And Toronto effective November 1st. ,e The York " daily except	______
Sunday leave# Ottawa Union I the thousands of Canadians who have | lug manufactured, and In fact the en-1 Burrell ha# not undertaken to
1.15 p. m., arrive# at enlisted for overseas i-------2--------	--
. M The Rideau ** done so of their own free will, and of | lug made In Canada to-day
arrives I their own desire and determination to
fight for the safety of the Empire against the onrush of the Hun, but It la equally true that they got their
How It Was Done It will be remembered that Mr
pur
<S;,arks Ht.) ¦¦
Toronto 0.90 p. m leaves Toronto 1.45 p. fit Ottawa Union 10 p.
For further particulars apply to 1 Pac By. Agent.
K. J. HEBERT.
1st Asst. Gen!. Psf^r. Agem
service, have tire shell. Including the fuses, were be* chase the meat for the War Office,
but through the Acting High <
^¦^^^^¦^^^^¦^¦BlsaloMr. Sir George Pertey. has con K:r Bam did not t *11 hl» audience as I veyed to the imperial Government, he might truthfully have dont, that It the tenders of the packers, this repre was he who itrsuaded the manure-1 seating the aggregate of the offer of tarera to gj It
Modest About Himself
any
W. W. CORY. C. M. O.,
Deputy of the Minister of the Interior
N. B.—Unauthorised publication of this advertisement will not he paid for.
opportunity from Sir 8am Hugh##. The Primo Minister's offer of s Cana-
he making of s
Very strong represents
basin
Done were made, urging that a share
I. Que
k
###PAGE###6###
W”
Only Fine, Flavoury Teas
are used to produce the famous
' ha<J come upon him hammered itself down and burned in upon him understanding. When the theft of the knife Increase in Ships for Year Nearly 100 should be discovered he too would l>e flogged. He would be handled as
Spotty had been handled, and gloated “A Summing Up of the War at over by that greedy mouth; he on Sea," in the World’s Work, says that whom no touch had been laid since the ut the outbreak of hostilities the mavis flew away. As for all that had strength of the belligerents in com-
hapnened earlier, it was of no mo- p|rtcd vessels of the dreadnought ment; he could look back indifferently on the self of a week ago, as on n stronger; he had lived just flve days. I There was no escape; and no one lows Then he looked would understand. No one, no one
AM J FS' FLEETS GROW
Per Cent.
The Vicar’s [Nephew ;
or The Orphan's Vindication
type—that is, battleships and battle cruisers of recent date—was us fol-
U
poise and balance
ivxk to mmnur* the lentrth of the would ever understand that ho "a* England HUH WÊÊKÊÊk very grave and jnmp with his eves, it was a credit- rot the same now as lari week; that France silent in school on Thursday morning. one for a boy of fourteen, and the boy who bad been flogged so often Kl
lie passed over mistakes and wrote |^o
CHAPTER IV
20
31 Germany 8 Austria..
blends. Every leal is fresh, fragrant full of its natural deliciousness. Sold In sealed packets only.
2
Mr. Hewitt was
0
...	.... .	... ! con*einiisne«*s of it thrilled li»m and had laughed at it was dead, and
wrong figures on the blackboard,and with delight. To he made so cleanly, that the new Jack in his place had
.......1 . . under his eyes, as it (,, have every 1 mh so strong and sun- npver yet been touched or shamed.
he had slept badly or had a toothache. p]ef,—that not a joy? He looked There was no hope for this white, un-
f the hi t i v class down at his linn, brown wrists, won- spotted new self; only last Saturday
r>
Japan
B 107
had dark lines \
22
44 Totals
Totals
In the middle oi me iu*w»v vu»™ down hr tvs Ti^m, brown wrists, won , .. ., —„  --.--------------------------------------------
the curate came in hastily with	an	dering how thick a bough he could	it had begun to	live, and now uncle Shortly after the war began hug-	_ ctivi i a
anxious look, and said: “Come	out	twist off from th« fuchsia w»th one	would lay hands	on it and it would	land took over four more superdread-	GAIN WEIGHT MAKING SHKLLS
here a minute, will you, Hewitt? 1	turn of the close-knit muscles. But	die»	noughts which bad been under c¦¦
want to y peak to you."	when he nut out his hand to try, the j	Awaking next	morning he sat up in	^ruction in British yards for foreign	Say London	Society Women on Work 200 French Deputies are Serving with
¦They went out af the room, and for beauty of the slender crimson buds bed and wondered a mazed ly what it governments—two for Turkey, one	on Munitions.	the Colors,
some time the boys yawned and restrained him; he had never before was that had happened to hm vest^r- ,	......	,	, H,azu. which	.
fid get ted, lolling at their desks.	noticed how lovely was the droop w’th day. It seemed inconceivable that h*,	’ !	.	,	nronon- Some society women who offered Doubts have arisen in France as to
“Hullo!" said Charlie Thompson, which they hung, how protectingly Jack Raymond, of all boys in the consequently nv tUh/ , ' .	. (heir services to the British Govern- the wisdom of allowing members of
who was looking out of the window, (he young leaves were spread out world, had lain the whole evening deranee of the Ames m i 1 *	' men* amj whose capacity for war the Chamber of Deputies to serve in
¦¦¦ ¦ C I	above thorn, like the curved wings of and until late into the night, wide- type of battleship to the ratio of 48 ^ has had some three weeks' test the army and while doing so return
s 'EBEEBE’E Ei f I tsjEEtlrsH	iFE éS.E	brs
tvrly.	,	..... the stable vard, and the voire was thought, and dismissed the subject	V„ fai,.lv we„ csti. Ministry of Munitions, is working on are in active service, some as pn-
-I wonder what’s wrong with her? Snotty’s. Some strange dog must from his mind, *s fit for the consider- ships to date esn De iainy we i	That is, turning the base of vates, but most of them as junior offi-
iisiiiiii iwü mmmmm c
morning classes were finished, he jlcnneI# she could no longer strug- he coul(L went into the garden to dreadnought Audacious, the only ves- the London Scottish.	1 10 mt VBOmete
vailed up Jack and reprimanded him ,e muchl and only moaned and shiv- ;*e how the puppies were getting on. . f thi$| class known to have been In another room of the great fnc-shaiply before the school. A window erej a8 (ju, whip came down with its *f was 11 hwely morning, fresh anti	either side since the war be- tory is Lady Gertrude Crawford, now
had been fount! to he hi okvn.	; even, sickening thud. The vicar dewy, and the clean salt air seemed .	a master turner. She is responsible a
“You were seen pitching up stones 8eemed to put all his strength Into to sweep the remnants of last nights	correct circumference of the
in the road yesterday. That makes	v. w	mawkishness out of his head.	„	.	.	% tv„ ln*e cant
had picked up the pebbles only be- vd chain bad set hia blood on tire. J«ck stooped to lift up a fat and j . <;	Palace, is over the road in the elec-
cause of their colored markings; hut Thv blind creature was helpless cheerful puppy, footsteps crunched ' .	f>	trical department. * Lady Scott Is, of
if Mr. Hewitt chose to put himself in enough without all that. In one the gravel on the other side of thp .__	— course, known as a sculptor, and her
$ srSMesssvzr- rues wiawss	«........,«	..... %%%%%% -	»
.saw her; there was a dog after her, vtood s(d]	’	There was a tremendous hammer not participating at present, and the worked entirely by women, who tu
and she jumped up and sent a flower- T. v- .	twpntv	Seating somewhere, beating so that Italian fleet, which came into the war work in shifts from 6.30 a.m. to 2.SU
day. What a mean lot they were! Let muan ;\hl,1ha* d1runk *he l'1,x,r.^ Ht was beating in his own pulses.	French-Russian alliance has increased, mg old place standing in its own gar
them once get n spite against a fel-	% he looked up with the ÿg leaned idly against the fuchsia from 17 to 33 capital ships—a gain
low, and they would always be ready " i-L ' r m !i ““Z m\ i	hedge. It was all true, then, this Gf nearly 100 per cent, in one year.
WsasâS gsBgma as
.luite still now	had not vhanged with him. The Teutons. The shipbuilding fac hues
The Vicar stooped down over the ^ings that were daily commonplaces of Great Britain alone are stupen-dog, drawing a long breath. The hand cvery one had become death and holding the whin shook a little, then ,lamnation to him.
grew steady. Vthen he stood up again But the day passed, and nothing his face	had returned to	its	grey	and	happened; evidently the	Vicar had
îïr	m. L* i ,	.	.	. ,	.,	still not missed his knife.	For three
splendid	light	of	promise.	He walk-	, .	Ket mat lesson.	sounder movement in	the house
t,l down	the lane	with	shining eves;	c Jack	nether moved	nor	spoke,	caught at his heart with a	cold hand;
only a few more years now, and he SPVU>' had begun to stir again and	the very lifting of his uncles eye-
svoiild be a man	whimper faintly, her tongue hanging	lj,|8 would bring the sweat out on
out against the wires. The Vicar	his forehead. Once he got up in the
knelt down and took off the muzzle;	night and dressed himself, on fire to
unfastened the chain, fetched some water and held the basin while she lapped.
IN ACTIVE SERVICE
That's the Roscoc girl." Jim Greaves
am
of the window
WE PAY HIGHEST PRICES FOR RAW

FREE
“HalWt iriwers 6elNM
Knglleh or rrwx h, vd pa gee telle how »n.l where to trap end other valuable Informa
WWjïÆ"
of 1-eaut.fal fur eete and gar mente, also '3f####f# iH Sgwtwen's So## y Co We#" lair, n.h Seta, ete. i
Me .» PltKK Addr
JOHN HALLAM u!£r MM#

I

Most of these women live at a hos
Lesney House, a charm
as
à
den
THOUGHTS FOR THE DAY
Mortality was made for man, not for mortality.—Zangwill.
Yes, but he would he a man some day; and then he would never he at anybody’s orders any more ami the other cads could do their worst; what did it all matter when their time was so short? Nothing matters when one is going to he free.
man
Give me the making of the ballads of a nation and I care not who makes the laws.—A. Fletcher.	!
He who receives a good turn should , forget it; he who does one
dous
Uncle
TRIBUTE TO BRITISH EFFORT
X French Editor Describes His Visit
to Great Britain.
never
should never remember it.—Charron.
To lose money ill is indeed often a crime, but to get it ill is a worse one; M. ! and to spend it ill is worst of all.—
I
%
The Petit Journal publishes the last of a series of articles by M. Pichon on his recent visit to Great Britain. L_
It took many months Ruskin
for an estimate to be formed of the Curiosity is a gift a capacity of
quantity of material necessary to as- pleasure in knowing, which if you de-
sure victory, but from the very be- ! "troy you make yourself cold and
of the war Lord Kitchener	Ruskin.
Never fear to bring the sublimest
motive to the smallest duty, and the most infinite comfort to the smallest trouble.—Phillips Brooks.
None can be perfectly free till all are free; no one can be perfectly moral till all are moral; no one can be perfectly happy till all are happy.— Herbert Spencer.
From littleness and meanness and
Just a Scratch
lllTT It needs looking after. “Vaseline*' Car bo la let I wITI
Pichon says
By the afternoon Mr. Hewitt had recovered his self-command; but he was more gloomy than ever, and gave short, impatient answers to the questions put to him. Some of the elder boys seemed as much upset as the schoolmaster; and at closing-time the Aürü melted away silently, without any of the usual tricks and laughter.
Jack, for his part, shouldered his books and ran home at the top of his speed. If he made haste he could get his preparation finished and he
out before sunset.	shatolv
H< jumped <>x the garden gate 4IM,,	. .	.	» ,
with the long, easy spring for which . ""hat are you doing out of doors all the Porthcarrick boys envied him, before you have finished your less-
alighting mi the gravel with perfect 0,18; I wont have the preparation
neglected. Jack; Pve told you that — -	--	_	.. = already. Mind it's done before I
I come in."
He went away and left Jack standing, white and rigid, with the dog shivering at his feet.
help It to heal quickly and prevent risk of Infection. First aid treatment with
go into the Vicar’s room and say: “Wake up! look in your desk. I have stolen your knife." Then, whatever
ginning
should come, this suspense would be | understood that millions of mm over. But when he opened his door, the silence of the dark house drove
sr	t ***
came down to breakfast so pale and is that they frankly admit their mis-heavy-eyed that Mrs. Raymond was takes. They hide nothing, and apply frightened.	themselves resolutely to the task of
“The boy is ill, Josiah; he looks like finding remedies
a ghost. '	.	have had with Mr. Lloyd George,
ShîUXS	«w—- -
what was wrong with him he himself	...	,	. .	....	^
could not have told her, even had he ness of their decision. When one has dared to try.	had the opportunity of examining
“You had better not go to school closely their efforts one feels that one to-day,” said the Vicar kindly; he jg face to face with a people who will made a point of always being kind when anybody was unwell, and Jack hated him the more for it. “You can
Vaseline
She'll be all right," he said, still
It's a most unpleas-
looking away •at thing t-> have to do; but it’- more merciful in the end to give a dog one thorough thrashing, and not need to repeat it. She'll obey another
time.”
Then he realized that he was apologizing to .Tack; and turned round
would be required, and he accomplished an extraordinary feat. One of the
Mark
Trade
CARBOLATED
Petroleum Jelly
It is a most effective antiseptic dressing for cuts, bruises, boll#, and skin Irritations of all kinds, such as eczema, poison Ivy and barber's Itch. Also good for corns. AVOID 8VB8TITITES. I salat on “Vaae-
line*’ in original packages bearing name, (’HK8EBROVOI1 MANUFAtT I NO (X)., Conmolidated (’hemlata and General Stores.
Free booklet on request.
CHESEBROUGH MFC CO
Conversations
!
niggardliness forced upon us by circumstances what a relief to turn aside to the exceeding plenty of Nature.— Jeffries.
To set about acquiring the habits of meditation late in life is like getting into a go-cart with a greybeard, and learning.to walk when wc have lost the use of our legs.—Boling-broke.
no doubt as to the unshakvable firm-
the
l R
For sale ml ill
FOR
never cease its endeavors, a people who will continue the fight until the day when German militarism is completely exhausted. To this end it will employ all its recources, all its determination, and all its bravery; and, come what may, it will go on to the end, no matter how long the war may last. All the authorities are assured of the final triumph of Great Britain." Concluding, Mr. Pichon says the banquet which terminated our stay in London, and at which Lord Robert Cecil, M. Cambon, and our excellent colleagues of the British Press made such strong and reassuring speeches, we expressed to our friends our great gratitude to them and our full confidence in them. I repeat this here, so that the representatives of the British Admiralty, by whom we were conducted, may know that we shall never forget the hours of fraternal communion which we passed together in the emotion and serenity of the same hopes."
indigestion
and
Biliousness
(

Spotty put up her head at last, to
sniff timidly, and recognized her only do a little Latin at home if you feci friend. She crawled up closer to him up to it; but not if it makes your for comfort, ami	licked	his	foot,	head ache. Perhaps you were	too
whimpering softly.	Then	Jack	sat	much in the sun yesterday,
down on the flags	beside	her,	and Jack went up to his room in silence,
sobbed with his head against	her	It was some time before he could	get
neck, lie had not cried like that since vid of his aunt; she fussed about with! he was quite a little thing.	well-meant importunity, till at last a
! JZS « jb. =%
so unusual an hour. “To see the master on urgent business," Jack heard the servant answer. He shut the door and sat down, glad to be alone.
(To be continued.)
isao CHABOT AVE.. MONTREAL
Ï
Indigestion, biliousness, headaches. flatulence, pains after eating, constipation, are all common symptoms of stomach and liver tiouLles. And the more you neglect them the more you suffer. Take Mother Seigel's feyrun if your stomach, liver, or bowels are slightly deranged or
War upon Pain!
“At
The Vicar always examined the lessons and was "generally, with good reason, dissatisfied with them; but he found no fault to-day, though they
tea
Psio is a visitor to every home and usually it comes quite unexpectedly. But you are prepared for every emergency if you keep a small bottle of Sloan's Liniment bendy. It is the greslest pjtin killer ever discovered.
Simply leid on the skin-no rubbing required —It drives the pain away instantly. It ie really
were done even worse than usual. The evening dragged wearily on; it seemed to Jack that the clock would
MOTHER
4-
9
In Montana and Dakota the thermo meter has been known to fall a hun
never strike nine. When bed-time came at last, he went up to his room,
and sat down in the dark on the edge dred degrees in twenty-four hours of his bed.
All the evening he had been watching hi* uncle’s face, vainly trying to see in it again the face that he had seen in the stable-yard. Now, sitting still, with a hand over his eyes, he could see it. It stood out of the darkness, the blunt mouth sharpened and nuivering, the nostrils full of life, the eyes awake.
There was, then, one thing in the
world that uncle really enjoyed. For Everywhere- from coast to coast— it was pleasure that was in the face. you w|fl hear the praises of Usit not anger. He looked quite different	wonderful complexion restorer is
wher. he w., angry. He would look ,,ri i the freihnee. and smooth one	¦¦	¦¦¦
CZ : sÿvïïeaSHc
over Jack’s body. He put up both who has used it consistently has ob- old-fashioned tavern up three or four hands as a shield.	• tained splendid results and recom- blocks, where you might get some
At last he rose, lit his candle and mends it highly. The woman who is thing to e#L undressed. He lay down in his bed, Feeking a perfect complexion will find and the forgotten candle guttered all |jgit an inestimable aid. All good away and went out with a trail of drttŒ*#ta carry lt. Manufactured by , his betrothed)—“Don’t you know me,
Er tart xb	sr vrvss
As hr lay, th* h We thing that oronto,	|



U5IT
SYRUP
S


have lost tone f vrupism extracts of certain roots, barks, an-1 leaves, which have a remarkable tonic and strength room all the nrp
listressing symp-
Mother StigeVs from the curative
Sloan’s
Liniment
*

Choice of Hostel ries
HUS PA N
Highly Recommended For the Complexion.
“What is the best hotel?" the newcomer inquired.
“The one down the street," replied the native, reflectively, “has the best dining-room for dancing. But the around the comer has the best
of

IDf
digest!
toms ot indigent ion or liver troubles soon disappear under its beneficial action. Buy a bottle to-day. but be sure you et the genuine Mother Sciirel’s yrup. There are many imitations, but not one that Live* Use same health benefits

4
4

f°r
t
'
Rheumati
Sprain
is the

Best Remedy
He (addressing the little sister of
SoreMus
¦
i.

sister's last chance."

###PAGE###7###
'
LOOKING OLD TOO SOON Admiral Jellicoe
—	At a Dress Ball
Painful Swellings Reduced Muscular Strains Ended
BRITAIN’S DREADNOUGHTS
GET THIS CATALOGUE
Number* More Effective in Sea Than
Land Fight*.
SAVE MON#Y
The Condition of Too Many Women and Too Many Girls.
Too many women and too many girl* look old long before they should. Their faces become pale and drawn; wrinkles appear and their eyes lack brightness. Can this be wondered at when they so frequently have headaches, backaches and a general (poling of wretchedness and weakness? In most cases it is the blood that is to blame. From one cause or another the blood has become thin and watery, and it is a fact that anaemia (bloodlessness) more than any other cause, gives women this prematurely aged appearance. It is important that the blood supply of girls and women be regularly replenished—important not only on the score of looks, but to restore robust health, which is of greater value. Dr. Williams1 Pink Pills actually make new blood and restore the system shattered by overwork or worry. These pills give a glow of health to pale faces and make tired, weary women and girls feel bright and happy. With Dr. Williams' Pink Pills at hand there is no need for any woman or any girl to look ill or feel ill. Mrs. J. McDonald, jr., Hay, Ont., says: “I honestly believe Dr. Williams' Pink Pills saved my life. Some years ago I had anaemia, and as I did not realize the seriousness of the trouble I soon became a complete wreck walk.
and could not go upstairs without stopping to rest almost unbearable pain in my back anti would have to remain in bed suffered almost constantly from a dull headache, and when sweeping if I would stoop to pick up anything I would get so dizzy that I would have to catch hold of something to keep from falling. At times my heart would beat so fast that I would have a smothering sensation
sunken and my hands and limbs would be swollen in the mornings. I tried several kinds of medicine without benefit and my friends thought I would not recover. Then I began taking Dr. Williams' Pink Pills, and before long could see and feel that they were helping me. I gladly continued the use of the pills until I was completely cured and I cannot say enough in their praise, and I strongly recommend them to all run-down girls and
women."
You can get Dr. Williams' Pink Pills from any dealer in medicines or by mail at 50 cents a box or six boxes for $2.50 from The Dr. Williams’ Med-Co., Brockville, Ont.

ft


The question of numerical superiority is of extremely great importance in naval fights—much greater than in land battles, says the World's Work. Ashore a weaker force, by intrenching and using obstacles, can stand off a much stronger one; for example, the
G
The Best Ever

t
Such Troubles Now Quickly Rubbed Away by Powerful Remedy.

as

ÿSË issued I Skates, Skating J Bool», Hockey 3 wea-'Jj 1er», Uniforms, end jr Complete Outfit», -Ct Snowshoes, Moccasins, Ski», Toboggan». We want every Man interested in Sports of any kind to get
/



If you have any muscles that are strained and weak, that are frequently subject to rheumatic pains; if you	,
have any painful swellings that re- German army in L ranee has probably
go away—get busy with Ner- been outnumbered more than two to This is the very sort of trou- one during the recent extraordinary
t
&
Z
I

» •
I
fuse to : viline.
ble that Nerviline is noted for curing	operations, yet the allied troops have
quickly. “I have proved Nerviline	been unable to make very much head-
I «iwipjy » wonder in reducing a hard,	way against the strongly intrenched
painful swelling. It followed an in- |-nv
szi rsa iw&lttus?, - «- »•« «-	•<-
The muscles were strained and sore, rH no Protection, and, Mj
and no other remedy gave the ease	quence, it is mathematically demon-
and comfort I got from rubbing on	strable that, assuming equality of
Nerviline. There is a soothing, pain-	units, the "strength" of two opposing
relieving power about Nerviline that	fleets varies as the "square" of the
touched the root of my trouble. Ner- numbers of ships.
VI inc reduced the swel mg, it destroy- Tht, t value of initia, numerical
s ttettisrs'jsÈis rw •' -r-c
ZINC IN WAR TIME.	1 of Mr. Bowen, whose home is in Mid- dreadnoughts can bring to action
__	| dlesex, is not unusual. Thousands are Germany’s 26, the preponderance of
A Constituent of Cartridge	Brass	and	Paving every day that muscular	strength of the larger fleet (assum-
Shell Fuses	pains of every kind, chronic rheuma-	ing equal units) will be in the ratio
tism, lumbago, neuralgia and sciatica	Gf 2025 to 676—that is to say, Eng-
Zinc	is	so essential in	war	that	it	will yield to Nerviline when nothing	jantj»s superiority will be actually
has risen	enormously in	price	in	the	else can possibly cure. Nerviline is	more than three to one, instead of
-—-
spite of the fact that copper itself has	_____v_______ I
sharply increased in value. Zinc is a	THE GREAT SEAL.	I «,	«	¦
How to Awake Fresh as a Daisy Constipation Gone!
tei

&

Catalogue. Prices right and satisfaction guaranteed. Immense Stock prompt shipment. You can save money by getting
rairi I CaUlo*ue	!
X/fSI T.w. BOYD & SON jT / i T gS^NoffeDgmeSl.Weit t I
l k^^T,fcAL ç&à
p-

u.
THE STANDARD ARTICLE SOLD EVERYWHERE
REFUSE SUBSTITUTES
consc


ill
Much Alike.
"So you have been around the world, eh? It must be great to observe the various customs and the amusements of the inhabitants of strange and far countries."
"I didn’t notice any great difference. They all put in their spare time going to moving picture shows.”
Hi
I?
o
i»'
B
1
we
• ms
*»*#
Hum.
""
Minard’s Liniment Co., Limited.
Gentlemen,—I have used MINARD’S LINIMENT on my vessel and in my family for years, and for every day ills and accidents of life I consider it has no equal.
I would not start on a voyage without it if it cost a dollar a bottle.
CAPT. F. R. DESJARDIN,
Sc hr. “Storke,” St. Andre, Kamou-raska.
?
constituent of cartridge brass and shell fuses, and is used also as a covering for iron barbed-wire fencing. In 1913 the United States, Germany, and Belgium were the leading producers of zinc. Of the three, only the United States smelted domestic ores. Belgium and Germany relied mainly on zinc concentrates that they imported from the Broken Hill mines in New South Wales, where, for one reason and another, it does not pay to do the smelting. France, Spain, and Great Britain also produce substantial quantities, but not enough to supply their own needs. Austria and Germany have considerable deposits of ore in Silesia, Hungary, Carinthia, and the Tirol. As the zinc-smelting furnaces of Great Britain are not well adapted for dealing with the Broken Hill concentrates, it buys the bulk of its supplies from the United States.
I got so weak I could hardly I neither ate nor slept well,
the
A More Elaborate Article Than Most
People Imagine.
Vice-Admiral Sir John Hash worth! Jrlllcoe, K.C.B., K.C.V.O., of the British Navy. Not as he appears In the conning tower, but at a fancy drew* ball	I
At times I had an
The Great Seal of England that Lord Haldane handed to the King when he resigned the Lord Chancellorship is, says the London Chronicle, a more elaborate article than most Works people imagine. It costs about $3,500	"effective
to make it, and it consists of two headache or constipation heavy silver plates, in one of which what happens when you use Dr.
afUi which it is placul between the dreams and nervous disorders disap- eminent. Lighting appliances not in two plates and pressed. It comes out pear as a ship in the night. The ap- daily use will be taken first, but it is in the shape of a disk, with an im- petite is sharpened up, takes on a 8tated that the Government soon will pression on each side.	keen edge. You enjoy your^ meals have to seize all the copper in Ger-
Formerly there was an official at- relish and digest them. Strength and tached to the seal who was quite as buoyant spirits return. ^ ou feeC
the wax and to take the impressions man can have is the regular use of a man—and what a lot of change she of the Great Seal as often as required, this family Pill. Suited to all ages, requires while making it!
The writer remembers the last of the you should get a few 25c. boxes from “Chaffwaxes,” a rosy-cheeked old the drug store and keep them handy.1 gentleman whe lived long to enjoy Remember the name, Dr. Hamilton •<
sur a. r L'CLrz smarts--
formed by an unnamed subordinate in the chancellor's office.
1
SHOOTING FOR RAIN
No other remedy acts the same, while you sleep, smooth,
Cures the worst
This is
An Expert Says Cannonading Will
Not Cause Rain.
Germany Needs Copper
At a recent meeting of the Royal Meteorological Society, Dr. H. R. Mill, My eyes director of the British Rainfall Organization, discredited the theory that the firing at the seat of war was the cause of the heavy rainfalls of last winter. Those who argue that cannonading causes rain assert that the concussion shakes the air and thus precipitates the moisture in the clouds. If that theory is correct, the precipitation should occur immediately and in the area within which the explosions shake up the air strata. As a matter of fact, the lack of rain in the western war area during the months of September, October, March and April was noticeable and un-
were
Mlnard's Liniment Cures Distemper
NÊW WAY OF FIGHTING FLIES
A Farmer Gives an Easily Applied
Preventative.
Farmers whose barns and outhouses are infested by flies in the summer season may be interested in learning how to banish the pests. According 'to the Bloemfontein (South African) Friend, a farmer who had many cows housed in different sheds saw, without being able to prevent it, the annoyance to which the animals were subjected. He happened, however, to observe that one shed, the walls of which were of a somewhat bluish
In the same way, he said, people had attributed the exceptional wetness of the winter of 1903 to the
1
\M OPKX FOR BARRELLED APples in ('al lots guote price*, naming
Can also use few H. W. Dawson,
varieties ami grade*, cars of apples In hulk I trumptnn.
icine
general adoption of wireless telegraphy. The fact that the winter of 1873, which was long before the use of Hertzian waves, was notably wet, and that no year since 1903 has been nearly so wet, in spite of the enormous increase in radiotelegraphy, shows the inaccuracy of such an explanation.
Those services are now per
To Raise Telegraph Rates.
Along with the rise in the price of	akino news and job
nearly everything else, the telegraph J| offices for male in good Ontario
rate in Great Britain will probably I «-»«-¦	"tiff
soon be raised. It is reported that the application to Wilson Publishing Com-
the telegraph t,any> 73 W<>wt A,lrlai,]* st • T,,ront,v are the Government-controlled
in Great Britain—are considering in- — ANCER tumors. LUMPS, etc. creasing, from 1- to 1H cents, th< rat«	internal and external, cured wtth-
for sending a 12-word message, ad- out pain by our home treatment. Writ#
dress and signature to be counted as Co Limited Coliingwood. Ont words as heretofore. The 12-cent rate has been in force 30 years.
QUENCH THIRST BY STRATEGY
A General Can't Get Liquor in .Paris Cafes, But Wife Can.
Russian Tea Buyers Active.
Now that vodka has been abolish ed, the Russians are taking to tea postal authorities . ^	«	with great favor. Russian agents jjnes
tint, was free from flies, and the cows are buying great quantities of tea in
were unworried by their attacks, the East, thus forcing up the price Thereupon he added a bit of blue color of the product, to the lime with which he covered the walls of his sheds, and from that moment the flies deserted the premises.
The following is the formula he used in providing this effective specific against flies: To twenty gallons of
Gen. G.illicni's order against alcohol being served to military men has caused many an amusing scene in the Paris restaurants. In the provinces the order is not so strictly observed.
An official definition as to what constitutes alcohol has been given, by which it appears that men in uniform are entitled to drink any natural wine or any liquor not more than 15 degrees strong. This bars even vermouths and quinquinas, all of which contain more than 15 degrees, in fact, it leaves no “aperitif* that is considered worth drinking.
British Generals have been refused whiskey and soda dinner, much to their indignation, and, when as often Modern Battleship l ses Twenty Tons
happens, their French is not sufficient to enable them to understand the reason, the other diners have had some fun out of the incidents. At many a
MISCELLANEOUS
instant
Corns
Relief
Paint on Putnam’s Corn Extractor tonight, and corns fast better In the morn-Magical t ha WBy "Pu*nam' a" eases the pain, destroys the roots, kills a com for all time. No pain. Cure guaranteed. Get a 26o. bottle of "Putnam’s" Extractor to-day.
A Violated Agreement
Drop
THOBOUOHNE88 IB OUB MOTTO!
“I don’t like to find fault, Mr. Landlord,'' said Dixie Ipsit, addressing the proprietor of the Ocean View House, “but didn't I understand that water add ten pounds of slaked lime our arrangement was that all bills and one pound of ultramarine. The wash should be applied twice during the summer.
LLIOTT

Out
IT’S A GOD-SEN D
Ing
TO HUMANITY
Yonge and Charlee Sts.. Toronto.
best advantages In Business Ed-strong demand for graduates; write for calendar
W. J. ELLIOTT. FrinctpnL
were to be presented weekly?"
“Undoubtedly, sir,” replied the landlord.
“Well, I think you had better notify your mosquitoes of the fact, sir," i said Dixie. “About 10,000 of them are presenting their bills nightly." !
I Offers
is what a leading physician says of “,c‘flJonnüW Dr. Jackson’s Roman Meal. Properly
cooked into porridge according to	m	—
directions on package, without stir-	| D D D t DP
ring after first making, it is a delight ISjfrOl I Rll| | T Ely
to humanity. Use a double boiler or MM	„ave Adyanced
set boiler in basin of boiling water	ShiptoR/*er«. Wegiveliberalgradee,
and use one cup meal to two cups ^dP full value in cash and ouick returns. We
water. Cook for half an hour. It's	wÎSmÆÎJ
a?H “sssw—
have been disconcerting, to say the 10 an<j 25 cents	| ¦
least.
“You’ll find your bath in the out-	The Runaway
°Thus he had been directed the night J* 8Pite ,of moldings, Helen persist-before at the little inn where he was «> ln running away from home. One
red-faced landlord Hele" ¦"¦wered:	Oh, yea. mam-
ma; that little voice is always saying: ’Run faster, faster, Helen; your mother is after you!
JELLICOE'S COAL BILL
MOTHER’S “NOTIONS"
Good for Young People to Follow
of Coal an Hour
“My little grandson often comes up to show me how large the muscles of his arms are.
“He was a delicate child, but has developed into a strong, healthy boy, and Postum has been the principal factor.
“I was induced to give him the Postum because of my own experience with it.
“I am sixty years old, and have been a victim of nervous dyspepsia for many years. Have tried all sorts
Mlnard'e Liniment Cures Diphtheria
The British Navy is the world’s champion coal-consumer.
In 1913, under peace conditions, the restaurant when the coffee stage was A(jmiralty spent no less than $11,-reached it could be noted that officers
The Warm Bath
YOU CAN'T CVT OUT A
Bog Spavin or Thoroughpln
but you can clean them off promptly with
What the bill for
.	.	.,	^	a	455,245 on fuel
seemed to	be taking	ttfo	cups at	once. igi4 win ^ time	alone will tell, but
One contained a liqueur. Some res- wjy be many times greater than
taurant keepers close their eyes when wbftt waR -n 1913 Every ship is in
an officer orders a soft drink for him- commj8gion, every bunker is crammed
self and alcohol for his wife, and each	biack diamonds, and, day and
drinks from the other’s glass. Other	a fuq head of steam has to be
restaurants are more careful, explain maintained, ready at a moment’s no-
ing that such and such a place had tjce for the order “Full speed ahead.” of medicines and had treatment from oeen closed for two days for allowing The average modern battleship re- many physicians, but no permanent
such a dodge.	quires about twenty tons of coal an relief came.	H hoppcd in.
Men on leave from the front take bour order to maintain a full head "I used to read the Postum adver- ut|onil the the matter philosophically, some re- of 8team. And we have nearly seventy ! tisements in our paper. At first I througt his head in at the door In sentfully, some smilingly. At the guch ghips at present in commission, gave but little attention to them, but	Ught he failed to 8ee the man
front itself the rum ration has	been	g London Answers. A battle cruis-1 finally something in	one of the adver-
suppressed except for the men in the	er	guch ag the	Lion, has engines of	tisements made me	conclude to try e,Watcr quite nicely warm, thanks,"
first line trenches. A	returned ater horse-power than the average Postum.	,	.	observed	Smythe, “but it’s a trifle	Liniment Cure. Garget m Cowe
•poilu,’’ when asked what	was his	battleship, and consequently requires “I was	very particular to have	it .	„
chief souvenir of the campaign so far more fuel.	prepared strictly according to three-	be hanged!” roared the
(he had been at the front all the t.me When Sir David Beatty’s squadron tions, and used good, rich cream. t	bursting in suddenly. “Your ,	,	.	.	_ , v
since August) said at once: “The of five battle-cruisers paid their fam- waj very nice indeed, and about bed-	p^t place. Git out of it, thirsty. On the banks of the Yscr in
funeral of the rum bottle. When the QUg visit to the Heligoland Bight, time I said to the members of the	blithcrin. idiot! Not a word of Belgium where there has been such
order suppressing the rum ration they consumed between them nearly family that I believed I felt better. ; X. ^ ,^g^ mind, not a word fierce fighting, the ambulance men one went into force we got an empty hot- 5>000 tons of the best Welsh steam One of them laughed and said, That s	in the ’ouse! That’s my ’ome- d®X found a T0”»* German badly
tie and buried it with all the military C()aL	another of mothers notions, but the	^ you>e a.washin- in!”	wounded; and in the midst of the
honors we could arrange. We made Considering their size, torpedo-boat notion has not left me yet.	______ bursting shells they stopped to scrib-
wreaths for it» grave and drew up a lleBtroyers are even bigger gluttons “I continued to improve right along ^ more ta1k it takes to run ble » u"* describing what they had moving death card, announcing	the	for	coai than	battle-cruisers. Our	after leaving off tea and coffee ami	slower	they move.	*epn and	heard,	and pinned	it	on	the
death of m much-loved comrade, deep- Navy must be burning over 100,000 taking Postum, and now after three	------------- blanket that enveloped him.
Iv regretted by all who knew him. tons in the course of a day. The Ger- years’ use I feel so well that I am	, - -	When he reached the improvised
much man Navy, which is resting so com-	almost young again. I know Postum	hospital, the nurses read the blood-
fortably in the Kiel Canal, ia doubt-	was the cause of the change in my	stained sheet of packing paper,	and
less	very much	more economical.	health and I cannot	say too much in	|YI1	)J | VH»!	..ne or	two	brushed	away	tears	as
The British taxpayer can therefore	its favor. I wish I could persuade	they did so. It bore these words:	“He _
look forward to being presented with	nervous people to use it.	saved the lives of seven British	sol-
thf biggest coal bill the world has Name given by Canadian Post	1 * H k. ¦	diers." It is good to know that, ten-
known. He can also look for- Co., Windsor, Ont.	L/BMgflBK	derly cared for by an English doctor,
Postum comes in two forms:	i he eventually recovered.	|
Dostum Cereal—the original form
must be well boiled
ABSORBING
TRADE MARK RIG. US. PAT. OFF
and you work the horse same time. Does not blister or remove the hair. $2.00 per bottle, delivered. Will tell you more if you write. Book 4 M free. ABSORBING JR„ the antiseptie liniment for mankind, reduces Varicose Veins, Ruptured
Muscles or Ugsments. EntoSfed Glande. W Vrsu. Allays pa n quickly. Price SI and 81 • Soule el drug flaw or delivered. M»de In rhe U. S. A. by
W F YOUNG. P. 0 F., 516 Lymans Bldg , Wontresl, Css. ANsrtHsc sod Absorbisc. Jr., ire aide In Canada
I 99
The Silver Lining.
War does not make all men blood
Hiram Johnson
LIMIT D
The Old No. 494 St. Paul St. MONTREAL.
Established over 28 years as
Raw Fur Dealers
No inflated price list from us.
Send us your Furs and get the highest market price.


They said the officers were amused when they saw it."
DODDS ^
; KIDNEYS
J	F
RAW FURS
CHILDHOOD AILMENTS
All Quantities
Ailments such as constipation, colic, ever colds, vomiting, etc., seize children of ward to going short of coal himself, all ages, and the mother should be on Germany used to be our best cumber guard against these troubles by tomer for coal, but the Navy is more
f so much scrap-iron.	1	Dy grocers r.u. 7.
z
mm
A BETC^ ^ •"
s
trapplne profitable by shipping to the consuming market. We can afford to pay you better prices than our out-of-town competitor#, aa we have direct connections with Use leading
Why not make
:
w
16c and 26c
Advantage of Years.
The novelist's small boy had just
i X	¦'v:i“--------------
sat for a time in silent thought i I “Pa,” eaM he, “how loag will it be before I stop gettin' licked for ; for Price List, Tags Market Reports
t IUn’ Mes an’ begin to get paid for 'em, like you do?”
z


WRITE TO-DAY SURE

MAX WVLFSOHN 122-124 W. 26th St, New Yerk City

ISSUE 46—16.
*•
Ont
###PAGE###8###
-
—
SHAWVILLE MARBLE AND GRANITE WORKS
T. SHORE - PROPRIETOR.
The New Music Store
The Shaw# Boot and Shoe Store
Everything up-to-date in Music
I have on hand the finest
stock of Marble ami Granite Monuments ever placed before the public of this district, Prices are such that it will be to intending purchasers’ interest to consult mo before placing their order elsewhere. Nothing too large—nothing too small.
FENCING AND CEMETERY WORK A SPECIALITY
Pianos, Organs
xa
and Victrolas.
YOU
A
V»
SHEET MUSIC.
Come in and try over our
All the latest kept in st
VICTROLA RECORDS.
i
m i
•k nml everything new in
01
ARE

,U
\

All Work Guaranteed Satisfactory.
\
^3

RALLY E. HORNER.
INVITED
n

s.
SHAWVILLE SASH AND DOOR FACTORY.


a
Obituary The Into lien Judd
INV1CTU3
to come into this store whenever you like.
Our stock is open for inspection and we are willing to answer any questions regarding the goods we carry.
In the It To of n man there Is hut one The trouble I* that he V*u
I from real lore.
«illy emi t tell which one It U.—Smart
21st tl rttfi i '
nt till' oMt *t iliui IM«»st
it Thon
IV
I III II

me
R. G. HODGINS, Prop.
Mr. U»
Set
1 residents *
jainiii Judd, in hi* Tilth year.	|
In tb< death <*t Mi Judd the town |
ship muimi*' (hr lv*< <>1 one of her most why This Is So and Why the Patri*
He leave* to mourn ight sous and four . of Vann :
sti.VlIlVl
FEW NOW DIE OF OLD AGE.
ri*s|ievtvil citizens.
namely
archs Lived So Long.
Manufacturer of and Dealer in
I
Scientists who see today how few
i eovle litv t«> be 100 >cars old find
1 Wahlmm . John of	themselves at a loss to explain how
! \ ,nm ; Fred and Lvo- Methuselah managed to live IKiO years, . Ihihvrt and l har- %v!iile Noah reached the respectable age Mrs. John lieu- of r,y- yvUrs. Recently, however, a : Mrs. Lev. \V discovery has been made which helps
\!,S' u t0	this mystery.
; Mrs. II. when the causes of short life nowadays are counted up It Is found that most of the deaths are due to disease. Very few people die from old age. And the reason why people die from any one disease Is that they have been l Imd l>eeii a mend «or in weakened by other Illnesses which they 1 landing fur nver twenty years. have h;ul or which have been handed
livid, pastor "1 St. down to them by their ancestors. For Stephen < church, delivered an i"l«‘ ad example, one widespread social scourge ' fro;	\i found in the ml which weakens the constitution of
I ike,	“ Lord, maUy men and women May was pmb
lettvst Thou Thy *erv.mt depart .1,11 ably unknown In primitive times. |KNHv, according to Thy Word, lor miiv p0 gome of these diseases the hu. v< haw stH \\ Thy Nth.ition.	| man race has t>ecohic so accustomed
The lamily and relative* have the that it Is immune. Measles will kill off sympathy of the surrounding
Cum.
From coast to coast we have sent our orders for goods to lill your requirements and in making our selection only the most reputable makers were considered. Could we have stronger proof of this than in offering
t
.1
.1;
datight
1 Andrew.
mvs

Doors, Sash, Dressed
Lumber, etc.
.1
t »
ville ; George, «• nanl. nf Li thhriilgv lie, "f the homestead.
t i 'nmpliells Ray
of Xrtimlvl
,
lift t.
«	\\ Raugh
Thom,,*.,,, ot RrUtol ( orner* Woodward, of Los Angeles. Val.
The iiallU*arers were above mentioned.
funeral was com f L. O. L. No. (17,
( l
Invictus Shoes
his six son*
Custom Sawing.
Drop in ami let us show you some new styles of
“ The Best Good Shoe.
lucted by the
v
His
f which 1
mend ter* o the decease* goix
I •
I lev. Vlmrh
•H

P. E. SMILEY.
7//

held at th
I	- -1i ! svrv i
i Mr. Arehii Mvfiilli
ved t
V>
LOCAL NEWS.
Wrt*
tome o
I eei iest
m
a whole Indian tribe, but among the white races It Is only an annoying childhood malady. Rut the variations of disease Increase far more rapidly than the Immunity.
1 ,,.j >tivt's ,>f the Noah and the patriarchs didn’t have
"tv livnjrtmm .In,1.1, .IvshV tlm-ugh tl.. "".rly	'“““f dlffer™t kl°da, °f dla;
mm-'of Tin: Egt itv t > express ,mr	,0 fa,'e l,ccause thv>" l»"ln t had
- ih.u.k- tn the fvi. n.ls an,I euough ancestors to hand them down
, Thorne ;l xConsequently their constitutions were not constantly being weakened as are ours today. For example, there is no reference in very ancient literatures to a cold In the head. The Greeks and Romans seem to have been the first peoples to suffer from It
The real reason why the patriarchs
sSÎSS'S-SÎS?
will he received up to 2 oVWk »f Dec. ccr,nlu dscnsea has Lrc,‘ Ua,ded
/'... ' ""
fight against disease. Sooner or later the race will become Immune to tuberculosis, but with that Immunity will come the diminished power as a result of mankind's long tight against the white plague.—Washington Post.
\
t\
remain* wrrv <
Rax
» ! ; * '
lYv-vllt* l‘il »\n 11 it
I
( Im-tma*
Mlllt IN
mvtvrv. Mr*. Joint Park tvr in Renfrew.
A

1
siting her dang
tun

Ivnlak, \*rit
* Autographic lx on the market, ing Rio wide AuVigrnpim lew -naps of yutn friend" tucked
in a neat Album will If tn isiire in year* t#>
Studio.
from 8 1 t k* are tie* newt

Card of Thanks
Th
2 Fold
te< N
Th

tamih
* % %
\ \
A
it
WALTHAM
at sG.no.
“MADE IN CANADA"
tway
The girl* «*f Waltham all ! '1 smile Saturday night, glad t • Walter Robinson home.
Mr. Walter Watt visited friend* and
md Ray and Coll
i •rieele**
Nov. s wore a

Ford Touring Car
Price $530
11. Imison *
sincere
neighbors of the town p o and surrounding country for their extreme kindness, shown towards its in the siekncss and death <*t our Moved
father, Benjamin Judd.
# »
11

The Shaw \ ill.* s, |,«„d Board old acquaint acknowledge, with thanks a con- field Wednesday la*:.^H tribut ion of fc7.*2*> from the Shaw-1 Mr. Eli>ha Rubins# m left for Vliap-
villv II. M.Club, for picture mould- lean Wednv*d
ing and putting up of same.	Mi*s Jean Creighton returned Ik une
People interested are asking the Saturday night, after q ft id ing a few question : When is the C. N. It. day< 'yith her si*ter, Mr*. A. lruudtuot,
to be opened for regular traftic, • » *»rt ( buhittge
now that it is completed ? THE Ml. John Watt has returned home EQUITY is not in possesion of the from the Ridge, where he has I sen information, but in view of the threshing for the |*u*t month. Sure notable excursion which went over John i> welcome around the Ridge any the road about a month ago, and time.
also the immense quantity of grain i Mrs. Henderson and Mrs. Boyce went to be transported from the West, lo Ottawa last week.
would mi tut ally conclude tint I Ml. xiex. Robins i and Mi
mi in ettee no y\ with- Smiley visite<i friend* i Clarendon 1
week.
Mr. Roliert Humphrey went t longe last Wednesday, returning same ght.
Mr. Joseph Romain is visiting his parents at present.
Hallow ecu passed <»ft very|
nly one young man had 1HI Just ask Cliffy,
Mr*. Cum age Lefrenierv is visiting her
of Wal-
nice- ai<
i
Firewood Wanted
You’ll get fart lier—with less expense—by 4‘ kicking in the clutch than by “ pushing on the lines.’4 The Ford will triple your horse delivery service and increase your profits. Give the economical Ford a chance to cut down your cost of doing business.	•
The Runabout is now *180 ; the Town C ar $780 ; f. o. b. Fold, Ontario. All ears completely equipped, including electric headlights. Equipment does not include speedometer. Get particulars from
I


M. A. McKINLKY,
A»t. Sec.-Treat*.
XovemlnT 3rd, 1VI •*>.
Mabel
one
traflic 'lemUl
out any delay, unless the Company lacks the necessary rolling stock.

DEALER
C. A. HOWARD
t>t

Annual Meeting



Shawville. Que.
f I
The Clarendon Dairy V". of Starks Corners, will hold their annual meeting in the Factory Hall on Saturday, Nov. 20th, at one o chick, p. in. Directors will meet one hour earlier at 12, a. in. All patrons and shareholders are n quested to attend.
NATIONAL OFFICIAL BOOKS.
• a voluntary
Lanark village gave . ,	,
tiering of SSI 1 to the Bntidi Heel
Cro-s on Trafalgar Day.

< !
They Are Named by Colors and Cover a Wide Range of Hues.
British government publications are called "blue books,” because they are usually bound in blue paper covers and because blue Is the officially recognized color in parliament ami law. In a few departments, however, "blue" books arc printed In yellow covers to distinguish the department Diplomatic correspondence with foreign countries and short nets of parliament are often left unbound, or “white,” because there Is no strict rule for binding any documents less than an inch in thickness.
In addition to the “blue book” there Is the “red book.” This contains a list of persons who hold appointments.
piietlv
around here :
| I township contributed SGTr, to the Briti-h Bed l to
Fund. The money was
popular subscriptions.
Lieut. Governor Lake has re-
< I
1 >i ummotid
a misfortune.
MBS. L A sMABT,

rai-ed by
,-Ti

S
IX
! parents Mr. and Mrs. Mellon
l ham.
,,	,	.	Mr. T. Marcotte
rived the following telegram from i!ljnrivs j,v \^WA nm
Sir Sam Hughe* :	“Permit me to a |	¦ *
congratulate the people of Regina and surrounding country on tin splendid record of the *JSth Battalion, as exemplified in official reports for this week. Canadians m i\ u *• 11 hr piuml i»f iheirs<ddh i
at the front, and the memories of j Lmghreii were the guest* the gallant lads who have goneHluRmson last Sunday, lown will ever be preserved fresh I finite a minil-vr around here have and green by a grateful country. I sen hunting, these last few day*, in Lieutenant-Colonel Edgar, officer eluding Mess Mort !.. Morten and mmanding the ffSth Battalion, R. hihl.y.H ¦ | HHHHHHH a No received a copy of the message	M i ** Bertha Smiley wa* the guest of
which conveyed to the citizens <*t \i,. <,	. |.. L- tiinday.
Regina t he • th : * I congi atula t i< ms
Government Minister of Militia,
sustained
ver by a team owned by Mr. R liert
semais
CAUTION
To the Buying Public :
vt
i I
:i«l waggon,
‘ Humphrey.
>>une 'if	nng men sttw'.« «1 i" .
to school, but it happened to I* on Sun-ly. Eh, Roy f Mrs. Jame*
All parties are hereby notified that hunting, trapping, or tre*i»u*Mii manner, is strict ly. forbidden on
in the 6th range of Clarendon, situated within the coijioration limits of Shawville. Parties found disregarding this notice will lie prosecuted.
: m any
I .* «t N « i.
We are after your trade. We are not going to tempt you with any bait but an honest square dealing, and full value for every cent you leave with us. We claim to undersell our competitors.
The only other color used by England I	Untu An uiû fin If 9
Is black. A black book contains an ex- Make US OrOVG it.	MOW 00 WG ÜO’ Il l
posure of some abuse, the name “black |	1	r	.
Simply by keeping clown expenses, buying and
selling at right prices, thereby making our turnover larger, and by so doing we can buy in larger quantities and get better prices on our goods.
We want your trade, and we are sure that once you buy from us you will be a steady customer. We carry only good reliable goods, and we keep down the price so as to give our customers good value
for their money.
Make us prove our statements by giving us a call. Wo claim we can save you from 10 to 20 p. c. every article bought in
Watch our ads. and watch us grow. We never let up, wo are alter your trade and hope to gain your confidence by giving you fair and square treatment and full value for every cent spent in
our store.
May wo expect to have you on
Respectfully yours
Marcotte ami Mrs. Jennie
of Mrs. Eli
JAS. L SHAW.
Shawville, Nov. 1, 1015.

NOTICE
IN
book” originating from the famous "black book” compiled In the reign of Tnci.il Li•>- Henry VT1L to expose the abuses In Pill for the monasteries.
| In France the chief color for govern-from ment publication Is yellow. Although '«‘id the latest French government report t -hull lw has been called a “black book,” In real-.i" the fty it is published In yellow covers. It ill have forms, In fact, one of a long set of 'quin ,I “yellow books” which Franco has been
t CB 'em* I
^¦¦1	.	,	An application will 1»
There m talk of a wedding m the near v,,imvil ,,f the County of l',.nti
Hoj* they don't forget I" the n< %t wwinn of the Pi
1»li khkll. j lain re, for the passing of a
f changing forthwith, th
fcnf t îïSLï !;.;
_	-	» i County ; awl that, moreover
imling Need .	, <	: , ,»:n *i
asked in said lull, that a* >
¦f Pontiac
coiiiliti* »i * •* e establishment a

of the Dominion through it*
Sir Sum Hughes for tlie splendid count go and bravery of the soldier lad* of the 28th, under Lieutenant, Colonel Embury, in their recent fighting ojteration». Among the officers attached to the gallant ^stli i< Lieut. Gerald Murphy, -on f Sheriff and Mrs. Murphy, ot Moo-omin.- Moo*omin S|H»ctator.
future.
a*k
ON
11
111
lit
M,
Oats and Clover Co
91
111
Prize wiiii < Yop ( ompetit i
; •*i;
R. Palmer. 3.1. ( '. ( demi, 4 Nelson Me Leilan, 5 George ( uthlsuisou, C Th*w. « ! 11	7.1	1 • i»wH.

i
t «

< hit* for the year 1st A A. Armstrong. 2 George
! i
County ( oiiueil «•
mmiplied with the
hy law for th lenance of a Regiwtiy *1 dice liell* Bay, the Lieutenant ( ouncil, shall have tin

issuing annually ever since the year oup- isGl upon the affairs of the country for in the use of politicians and historians. The chief color Russian govern-
himation, to change t lie Registry ( hhee | mcDt publications Is orange. Belgium
usee gray, Italy green, the United States blue and red, Spain and Austria red and Germany and Portugal white or drab.—New York Press.

ELMSIDE
2 R.W. 4 Mr*. |\
1 ( he>tvr B abb,
I Fred Hutch!
I Ml.
? id McDowell.


ivrr
M MS





1)
I
î.,i
i»l *

MvD
I). I!. B AKIlY.
<,
\ i
« i
\
I
in ( Htawa.
McMullen ami
: M .1 M
ltitive.4 at Wvm

HI
our store.

M
on

i I, •

CAUTION

-4

PUBLIC NOTICE
i found taking gravel on rutri ppositc Workman's gravel uteri l»y the Miimeip-
Garden of the Near East.
Brusa, situated at the foot of Mount
Munï'lpUltr uïïte.	Olj-mpu., In Asiatic Turkey, k the gar-
Public Notice !• hereby alv*>n that at a den city of the near east Every meeting of the *choo! cum mini moo - of mosque ond public building and almost
». g.ra,n.
nolvnl that any person not living In the under tbe shadow of sycamore, cypress township of	who wishes to «!«**• or fig trees. The flora of the surround-
the cemetery, near No. 1 - bool, mint , district Is so rich and varied that
Of'» h- bee- -be ba„n, bunting ground November. IMS.	'	of botanists for centuries, and some
authorities regard It as the cradle land ! of many of oar sweetest spring flow-em—tbe hyacinth, the tulip, tbe snow- I drop and the Jonquil.—London Spec-
Pet
'MflJ

1 >
ilit. a ill lie
I i ~1111* » *i < ‘l.*i •
E. T. HODOINK
s#


fulk *
\
of young
party at the home *
I •	t I
not hear much about

Ht

f M r.
11
m*l Mr*. Norman wiling. We did
V
hiV
11

full
they
m t
it. but ] for utter
wen
ii >


our list ? Thanks.
Notice re Claims
A baby boy cm me
1 Mrs. Billie Yotutu
11 ?
ie of Mr
Renfrew, on the 22nd of < M Mr. Allan McGillis | the eth of <)
.
I 111
lersotis having claim*
<v Butter Co* Limited
file the *ame in my
'
All |
Lily C\
request r»n or I* fore h








THOMAS QUAILS,
Secy-Très •*.
1 t
ARCHIE DOVER
He had
« I
Of III

Iff
(n
fined t w G h | wit-* of H quiet,
will lie ?»





Hi*

r Mr. Mc<
t , p. in


Equity /\dvts. Pay.
and ics lily.


E. T HUDVINK

I

let
tbiw !
1 g'
lÿv, Tteas
4
W W«
