###PAGE###1###
/U
O
No. H, 3 lltD Y EAR.
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, tQUE., TUt liSDAY, AUGUST 12,1915
*1.00 A YEA It IN ADVANCE.
5551
5
T
bBank of Ottawa
Tt|c Merchants Ban\ of Caqada
il
THE HARDWARE STORE
ESTABLISHED 1874
Head Office : - Ottawa, Canada.
e 4,000,000
- 4,978,200 60,000,000
Established 1864
OFFICERS !
Sir H, Montagu Allan . .. K. W. Black well, ......E. F. Hkiwen
Capital Paid Up •	-
Rest and Undivided Profits Total Assets over •
!
PRESIDENT .. . VICE-PRESIDENT GEN. MANAGER
BINDER TWINE

)
Paid up Capital ..
Reserve Fund and Undivided Profits .. 7,245,140 Total Assets
209 Branches and Agencies In Canada-
A SAVINGS BANK ACCOUNT
0/ One Dollar and upward# drawn Interest at Uebt current rates
Board of Directors t
.. $7,000,000
e *
* »
HON. GEORGE BRYSON,
President.
JOHN B. FRASER,
Vice-President
SIR HENRY N. BATE, DAVID MACLAREN,
RUSSELL BLACKBURN, DENIS MURPHY,
SIR HENRY K. EGAN, HON. SIR GEORGE H. PBRLEY,
B. Ç. WHITNEY.
GEORGE BURN, General Manager
..	86,190,400
I
;
The Playmouth Make
D. M. FINNIB, Asst-Gencral Manager. W. DUTHIE, Chief Inspector.	__
There is none better, very few as good. There will be stacks of it wanted this season, better order early.
Branches at Shawville and Quyon w. F. DRUM
ACTING MANAGER.
Fort Coulonge Branch • B. F. CHILTON, Manager. Campbells Bay Branch • R LEGER. Manager. Portage da Fort Branch • A. H. NULHERN, Manager
‘‘Business as Usual’’
On your vacation take a kodak with you. Brownie Camera* from f 1.00 up. Kastman film* and supplies. Mail | and orders promptly attended to.
H. IMikon, King St.
Mr. Jas D. Horner last week sold his Ford car to Mr. Jas. It. Horner.
HENRY'S
SflORTBAND SCHOOL I Haying and Harvesting Tools.
A complete line of .. ..
If you want a picture of the Academy , ¦	„ .	m .	...
secure one now while the I has r^ade tqe attendance at the
An 8x10 facture for ftOc.
H. IMikon.
pupils is low
price
COWLING
Ottawa, Ont.
___	,	.	.	,	» The most beneficial rainfall this I OTTAWA, ONT.
XV e omitted mentioning in these region has experienced for the	.
columns a recent arrival of Ford past two years occurred on XX'ed- thc in the history. Why not take cars to the dealer, C». A. Howard, nesday oi last week, giving the advantage of the dull times and prepare which have been delivered to the pa relied surface of old mother Mor the wave of prosperity that is bound imrchaserH -Mef'sr^H. H. XX-nlsli, e«rth a genuine soaking, and re- to sweep over the Great Country when Win H. Harr. and Hans Shadel. plenishing the water supply where the war is overt
SiSl|l8il ITL,...
Henry H. Argue, who ha# was safely housed, and benefitted v J*,e •"'"I* September 8th, ttth and
joined the Field Ambulance Corps the grain by preventing it from |	JWla.
for overseas service, and who has ripening too rapidly. A high wind been given the rank of lieutenant on the previous day spoiled the
in that connection, spent a short appearance of many heavily laden	-
time with his im rents here last field- by flattening down the grain, At Shawrllle, on Tuesday, week, arriving Tuesday evening and will no doubt make harvest-. 3rd, to Mr. and Mrs. J. K. K and leaving again Wednesday mg difficult and slow.	daughter.
afternoon, with the expectation	.	At McKee, on July 8M, to Mr.
wishes Lieut Argue a successful was observed at St. Paul's Church, . \\ , 8 Î \J,n’ caheer at the front, and a safe re-|as it was also in every Anglican to *'“* an<‘ T. Fletcher, a son.
Dominion nud At Clarendon, on July 30, to Mr.
¦ *..
consisted of appropriate hymns the printer w ill be the most satis-and a special Litany, with address-1 factory that the Hoard has ever-es by the rectcr, and Rev. Mr. Me been able to arrange for 'iCnllum and Rev. Mr. Tripp, the	, __^_
ÉSKfl siiSI| ssssss
duty which they performed while	occupying Mr. T. XV. Wit
a shower was in progress.	| The Rev. Dr. Tucker, M. A., | cottage at Green Lake.
LsgfgsWi&'ttn-
Wednesday and has since been Hun*ln 111 tow 0•
... joying the time calling on many Mr. W. K. 8haw, arrived last
ksh « | ÉmæE es “ H
largest represented and most arduous dutiesLnd cares of Mr. W. J. Hades and family are enthusiastic meetings ever held [ ,c miV#i„n work which he jj enjoying an outing on the Ottawa for a similar eause in the County. (.H in on in Montreal. Dl.. iu the vicinity of Bryson.
(<Itw««sMnto present peti-1 %^%^/"hTdo Muc^onaî' ¦
SBsmme SUJ sssIsms—r
called bu M'	«îI Touching on th, much dUcnmd , Maude MiDowell returned
Hynes Hall, Shawville at 10.30 Lnhject of the war. ,)r .Tucker in-' f'"'n Ottawa last week, am,m-
o clock, a. m. It is hoped that a formed Thk Eovity that his son •«fit® repre-yntatlon of the coro- Wilfrid had enlisted and was off «nitu*e will be pfmmt, when thf ! tf) tlle fn,nt wit|, t|,e 42nd and pifio of cAtnfmign viI) m* (implied | f h*«t he himself whs n member of
lloiilitil Home MnL
Since January. 11U3, more than £& students htve come to us from other local business colleges.
Our Civil Service record of FIRST. SECOND, and FOURTH places for all Canada has never been equaled.
Do not these facts indicate undoubted superority ?
Our instruction lieing individual, you may begin at any time.
J. H. SHAW.
a;
W. E. Cowling Prin.
D. E. HENRY, President. Cor. Bank and Sparks Sts
W. A. HODGINS
<
Dr
)
Births
SHAWVILLE
Ilf	BUSINESS	mm
W ILLIS COLLEG F
¦ ¦ CIVIL SERVICE ¦
Tlie School of Efficiency for those who demand the beet Catalogue on request.
N. I. HARRISON, Principal.
Cor. Bank and Albert Sts.
OTTAWA, ONT.
Aug.
iug, a
turn when the war is over.
Church in the
N|id-Summer Bargains
for
Make your kodak story autographic. Date and title every negative at time of expoeure	¦¦¦
$7.00 up. H. Imison, King St
head tumult, and the brethren were enabled to carry ont their march to church, the number, owing to the conditions referred being comparatively small Those in line included several re
Carefully read this list of
REDUCTIONS
Autographic kodaks from
WANTED.—A work. Apply to ville.
girl to do general house Mrs. J. K, King, Shaw
to,
Personal
LOST — Somewhere between Peter Little's farm and Horigins' brick yard, a black suit coat. Finder will much oblige by leaving at The Equity Ortice.
4 only Silk Blouses worth $3.75
for $1.88.
FOR SALE—Two purebred Ayrshire bull calves—choice animals. Apply to James Armstrong, Green Lake.
10 only White $1.00 Blouses
for 50c.
are
FOR SALE—A quantity of good eating potatoes. Apply to W. A. Armstrong, 7 th line, Shaw ville P. O.
son’s
12 only nice Print Blouses
Great Temperance Rally
The Convention, (tailed by the Dominion Alliance in the cause of
FOR SALE-1 U H. P. Waterloo Steam Engine In good running order. Terms reasonable. Will take some young cattle in paît payment, and would like to sell before August 15th. Jas. C. Glenn, Bristol, Que.
for 39c.
en
All our $1.25 Fancy Parasols
for 75c.
FOR SALE—Single buggy—practically Rubber tirefc electric lights : a
$130.-will Also set single harness.
new
first class <>\lish rig; cost take $110.
Apply to J. H. Shaw.
Splendid lot of Val Laces and Insertions
2£c. per yd.
(CONCRETE CULVERTS
^ curbings for wells sold at Works Contract* made with Municipalities to manufacture Pipes in their own localities. H. T. M<Dowell & Son. Shawvijle. Que.
PIPES AND
Great Ribbon Value See the assortment.
!
10c. per yd.
Big Pile of Remnants at about
HALF PRICE.
Dress Ducks, Oxford Shirtings, Ginghams etc See this table at
Deaths
only 11c. per yd.
And best of all, about fifteen pieces of Crepes, Ripplettes, the balance of our stock
going at 10c. per yd.
After a lingering illness, the little sou of Mr. and Mrs. Isaac .Stanley, of Win ton Hill, Saak., passed away on August 1st, aged one year and eleven month*.
|Mr. Stanley was formerly of Clarendon.]
The death oecurred at Waltham on Sunday night of Mr. Thomas Smiley, after a prolonged illness, attended with much enffeiitiy from facial cancer, which attack- i cd him a few years ago. The de- i ceased was a sou of the late Jamas i Smiley, of Clarendon, and is survived by a. widow and four child-1 besides his mother, fl ve sisters
panied bv her cousin, Miss Sally, who will s|>end a week or two with relatives In tbi* section.
Mr. Frank McGill, of Montreal, visited friends in town for a day or two la«t week, leading again on
Hnmiifl Mcfiuir- . .of Mr.. Ji»e I f* i,},,y	Hr'' ' "V"1'"1
to the Canadian Aviation Corps.
and exacts to sail for England
very shortly.
out
The Officers of Pontiac County
Pres.— Rev. Father I)a gênais, Fort Cou longe
President—W. Hu Ft. Coulonge.
Vice Presidents—Due for each age
nmnifi|i«lity in the County.	.. . J ¦ ¦ ¦	¦
Kxeciitive Com.-Two reprewo- strutk him end mssing over his I A Uwn Social and Sale of Work tative* from each municipality»- body killed him instantly. The will be held on the rectory grounds. Secretary-Mr. F. XV. Pritchard, j remains were forwarded to hi* Ouyon on Wednesday, August
Wyman.	_	.. home ard Interment was made in lSth. Sale begins at A, p. m. Pro
Treasurer—Mr. XT. A. Hodgin«,|St. Josephs Church Cemetery, gram at 7. ». Admission, ioclnd Shaw ville.	' 1 "- '&t#rday morning.	|Dg tea, 25 cent*.
McGuire, of Allumette Island, was Hennessey, I killed in Minneni>oli* on the 2ttth
¦| Bfy He was lust "-u~B
. It appears that he was driving a team on mad work. A motor
of Jill
of
W. A. HODGINS
n h.
and one brother. Funeral under The auspices of the Masonic order on Tuesday afternoon.


###PAGE###2###
MINE WARFARE A NEW PROBLEM
of comfort inseparable from the tea-things, did much to comfort and soothe him. He felt better, much better, after the meal, and steeled himself into facing the future with resignation, if not with equanimity.
He rose and wandered into his work-room. For a moment he paused with his hand on the switch of the electric light, as though fearful that the sight of his beloved model might probe his bruised mind too deeply.
Then he pressed down the switch, and the big, dark room sprang into vivid illumination.
He went over and stood by his
model, gazing at it sadly, and think- Trench warfare has gradually an4 ing over the months which must now ^ force 0f circumstances led to elapse before he could complete it A mine warfare. The first line of tiny screw, only half driven home, trencheg jn the fighting tone const!" caught his attention, and, almost with- tutes an advanced defence of pointa out noticing what he was about, he gUpport (villages, woods, chateaux, tightened it down. There was a com- farms# deep roads, etc.), and serves to panion screw to be inserted on the establish communication between other side of the model, and this he them. So long as the two adversaries did, too, quite automatically.	Bre „ot in complete touch with one
lie pulled himself up sharply when another and remain separated by die-he found what he had done. But the Unce of 600 to 600 yardB> this ad-
spell of work was upon him.	vanced line Is not continuous, being
“Trelland may have been making a gjmpiy occupied by sentries and pick-mistake after all, he told himself. etg when by rushes in the open and "And, after all, a few hours can t tken ^y 8appingt the advanced lines make much difference."	are brought sufficiently close to
His fingers were itching to continue make all progress impossible without their labors.	heavy losses from bombs and gren-
"It’ll simplify matters so if I can adeg> mine-warfare commences, get the thing done,” he muttered In this new phase the distance he-
weakly.	tween the	French and German
He inserted another tiny screw, toy- trenches varies from about 26 to 60 ed with some component part for a yardg> By a rapid and unexpected few moments, and then fixed a bolt in rug^ ^ would seem easy to throw one-
p,’ra	in- h.	-H,	""	““ """"
eyes feel quite all right now. And tomorrow-six months’ holiday, whe- But while the works of the attack-small, and at the bow the painting is ther it’s necessary or not”	ing party advance, the enemy in his
carried out in a curve giving her He drew up a chair and set to work turn has linked up the elements of his the appearance of having an old clip- eagerly. The time slipped past, min- advanced line, flanked them with nu-per stern.	ute after minute, half-hour after half-	merous machine guns, equipped them
Painted revolving	screws	also	hour. His eyes began to smart and	with bomb-throwers, and Minenwer-
have been placed above two of her blurr, but he noticed nothing, heeded fer> and thrown up in front of the three funnels, the fore and aft ones, nothing, except the task which en- parapets network of iron wire, accès-Thc screens have the disappearing grossed him.	e	sory defences of all kinds,
paint on one side only.	At last the model was finished—fin-	Thus the simple fact of driving
To identify herself to a friendly ishedl Cardew rose with a great sigh Bapg and parallels close up to the flag she has only to	show her port	of relief and stretched wide his	arms,	enemy has the initial effect of	fixing
side. If in doubt of a	vessel she falls	He rubbed his smarting eyes and	stood	many	0f his men to the spot, and of
in with or of she wishes to disguise back to survey his completed handi- keeping them constantly under threat herself she need only	show her star-	work.	#	of an	attack. If such attack	takes
board side. Then she	can appear as	And in that second darkness	came	piace,	it can only be crowned	with
a clipper hulled vessel	with	either one,	swiftly upon him. The blackness of	complete success after making
two or three funnels.	night enwrapped him about.	breaches, by the destruction of the
So—it had come! The specialist	accessory defences, and the silencing
that*difficulty6 8 W %n%r\n' [tood lnertj	a ^-moving
other six months fpr it, till you come tangle of ^creduhty and bewilder-
Sir George Trelland, the famous back from your holiday. You can fin- m „ *	, .	. .
oculist, sat silently at his desk, his ^ model then.”	. * recently he began to feel, to real-
head a little aslant, his glasses poised "No, I can’t do that, either. You *ze' He Put out 8 hand and groped delicately on his finger tips. Opposite Bee> pve got an agreement with them. „1S w/y forward to the work-table, to him stood a young man, white and The model has to be finished by to- “ls. fl.ng.er9 touched the model, and tense with anxiety, waiting to hear morrow morning. I have an appoint- J1* had almost the mi.nd to Bn»tch the /J*	»	ment then with the purchasers. I must th,ng .UP and fl,n* % down 10
“Well, doctor?" he managed to ask get the thing finished to-night I’ve	,	. ..	,
been working very hard at it of late, =ut-hi, model ? “Hie model for
“Well, Mr.—Mr. Cardew,” returned! but my eyes seemed to trouble me which he had unwillingly bartered his and bluntly?”	then you were rushing to get it finish- hn‘plyto hle	.. M ..	..	...	...
eSa&Ff: BTrHF™	5rS. E'EHH
i rts .WÆ : FHrVF"-"	*r JMSi
those eyes of yours.”	complete your work unhindered?" forth he lived in a world apart-, or under the machine guns of the en-
“You-you don't mean------” stam- “That’s about the truth of it,” con- wo.rld wh,ere everything was h ack emy make the breaches. The difficulty
or 1 mered Cardew. “Surely it’s not so fessed Cardew. “You see how im- »"d hopeless! He was blind-blmd! Is to place the chambers at the vital
serious as all that?”	portant it is—how essential it Is that .	, finger? eo“/!lt, W.s. c^eir' *nd
. “I mean that if you wish to preserve I should finish the affair to-day.” he lowered himself into the blackness The enemy knows their importance
.	.	....	tlA	your sight, you must take six	months’ “Yes, I understand,”	said	Sir	which aeemed to take dim shape be-	and protect# them by a system of
dress that will be found	highly	satis-	£ohd at feaat.	You must	have a	George. “But I can do	nothing	for	fore h,m and tount hlm ^th his help-	counter-mines, charged a.
factory in determining these little ^inplete resL Otherwise. Mr. Car- you-notiiing. Time alone can put le8«ne»8-	, the works of the attackers ndicat. a
vexatious points by combining many d , eBnt angwer for the conse- your eyes to rights again. You .	1 can * face “-*1 can 1 facc it!” resort to mining. To locate these,
of the season s most popular features, quences »	ought to have come to me days ago he groaned'	listeners are placed at the end of each
“I-I ' understand,” said Cardew when first they began to trouble you! ! . Pre8ent|y he heard footstep, draw- branch of the counter-mine. When
slowly	Then I might have been	able to	help	\".e near door of hla work-room,	the first noises are reported, euitable
He nodded hi.	head and	stared	you. But now----1”	He rose to hi. feet and fumbled across	measure, are Ukcn. Mine warfare
round the room a. though he found “Then I-I suppose I may a. well .floor; He would have found in- will then begin in aarneah Contant
the whole circumstance fantastic and go back again," said Cardew, in a truuBlon af.euc^ • time maddening. by listening is established. Some-
incredible	dull, strained voice. “I may as well . He co'jldlnot discover the door at times the entanglement of galleries
"You mean I’m threatened with go back again."	hret, and this accentuated his help- and branches is such that an enemy
blindness?” he asked sharply, almost “Not to that model of yours!” ex- i"88"888 He	to sob — the gallery ie arrived at or even a cham-
angrily. “Oh, but—but you must be claimed Sir George. “You under- dreadful tears of a man overwrought her discovered; thereupon the fusee
making a mistake! Surely you’re stand me? I definitely and absolute- ,, re >ou aP dfht, Mr. Cardew?” are immediately cut.
wrong, quite wrong? Oh, you must ly forbid it! Not another minute’s	, housekeepers voice anx-
forgive me!” he exclaimed apologetic- work must you do to it! Disobey if	from the passage.
ally, his face twisting up in a wry, you like, but you know the risk— Y equite all right, thank 7-
pathetic little smile. "Your verdict blindness! It’ll come upon you swift- , ^enn4<7gf®n, he forced himself
t»*1" ,l“" •«¦r ,or	ïi“	B1,”d'
•rs even the sleeves.	^onta^ Wlth thc 8tove	the	«% lgnft a queetion 0f money,” mut-	and terror which had held his very	hadn 1 any-	A noosance, isn’t it? I	^helr	gremt de^dl	forever'
When a bedroom floor is to	be	fact ^at on^ can Bee under them to	tered cardew.	"I can manage to keep	aoul gradually merged into leas poig-	suppose it’s	a	fuse or something. Any- * e F>,oul<1 forget them	nevw.
see that it is thoroughly thi.?thfer. s,de of ,e r®.om;	myself going for six months longer, nant feelings. The hopefulness of how» IVe post-haste for someone
dried and aired before night	J:aa[ 19 the explanation 7	neceggary But just at this June- youth began to come to hi# aid, sua- to come and Bee to it”
Never leave a package of coffee	Thfl bottom of the drop	changes at	tyre m	wor|ç »	taining him, and presenting to him the	A	fuse?”	exclaimed	Cardew,	and
anywhere near butter, eggs or milk	°ince to st(>am or vapor	on coming	««You	must put aside all	thoughts	of	,es8 dark aspects	of the position. repeated	in	louder,	more eager	tones: Honor, and faith and freedom,
—they will absorb the flavor.	close to the hot surface. This vapor work „ decreed the specialist.	“After all,” he told himself. "I dare “A fuieT”	, Impel you rlght to do*
To polish a black marble clock rub supplied by the drop as it gradual- "Easier said than done,” returned say I caa arrange with them to defer “That’s what I suppose it ie,” she must record your story, over with olive oil and finish with a	y *oes away—In other words, the	Cardew ruefully. “You , I—I’ve	matters for six months. It’s only answered.	"Either	that,	or something K,thcr of shame or g ory,
dean chamois leather.	dr<^P rests on a cushion of vapor until	been	out an invention—mak-	just a case of explanation. And six	at	the	works.	It	must	be	one
Soups suffer less than anything il h„aF Fntirp1*>*	1 K	ing the model for it, you know.”	months pass away quickly. I may or the other when the electric lights
else by being heated a second	time,	. Ysu mmy n-k why the drop is not	"Long hours	of fiddling about by	** able to think out some new idea—	**es out all	over the house without
but they should be re-flavored.	immediac y evaporated or changed to	artificial light	with little scraps of	one never knows. I ought to be jolly	8 moment’s	warning, mustn’t it?
Raisins kept in	a covered or other	steam. The	answer	is this: The	metslf* Bai<i Sir	George	m	trifle	im-	thankful I was warned in	time!”	(,ave	me	Quite	a	shock,	it did—I
dish with » small	cup of water in thc	wa*er vapor that intervenes between	patiently. "Oh,	I know!	And	then	And then suddenly his sentiments	couldn	t	think	whatever	had happen
centre will keep moist and fresh. *t8 under surface and the red-hot you wonder_________”	veered round again to horror.	ed at fi t ’—London Answers.
Salt curdles new milk, so gravies,	Btove *B not 8 food conductor of heat;	"Ah,	but I’ve all	but	finished	It	"Blindness!” he	whispered. "Blind
etc , should not be salted until the	ronmequently the full intensity of the	aowl” broke in Cardew with enthu-	life—oh, I couldn’t face It—I
dish is prepared ready to serve.	heat cannot get to the water itself,	g|a#m. "Jove, It’s a beauty 1 You	couldn’t face itl It’s always been
If you have an earthenware bread	***e on1>' amount available for this	0Ught to see It, sir! And iNre as good	the one thing I’ve dreaded above all
pan with a cover, the loaves of bread purpose being that transmitted as	It—Fre only got to deliver others 1”
6an be put in it without wrapping up. through the vapor.	the model. There’s only about three This, then, was his mental eondi-
Keroeene will	soften boots and	----*- more hours’ work to be	done to it,	tion when he let himself	into his
¦hoes that have	been hardened by	Goldfish in	a globe	usually swim	and——”
water and will render them pliable as	round to the right.	"And	you’ll have	to get someone	F°r 8 time he	skulked with hie
-----	else to do them for you,’ interrupted wretchedness in the darkness of his
Electric fishes, such as the electric George brusquely. "I absolutely rooms, and then, too highly Strung to eel, the African catfish, and the elec- forbid you to touch that model! You any sympathetic queries frorp his trie ray have the power of discharge | know the risk you run.”	housekeeper, he turned Ok the Ty
Ing an electric shock sufficient at tlasts to disable a
About the Household
WHEN THE TRENCHES COMB CLOSE TOGETHER.
it up immediately with blotting paper, then wash out with warm water and clean flannel and dry with a soft duster.
A solution of salts of lemon and warm water will remove iron-mould from linen well rinsed afterward in clean water
Seasonable Dishes
Banana Ice Cream.—To the crushed pulp of six bananas add one cupful sugar, one-half tea-spoonful salt. Pour in a quart of milk and pint of cream
I
“Listeners” Guard Against Explosion
of the Enemy by Countermining.
/

Mix well and freeze
The article should be
Fruit Iced Ten.—Steep some fresh tea and put on ice. When cold pour und allowed t0 d in the ju.ee of pineapple, atrawber- A , to ' et rid of a mouldy nea. apples banana and any other ,me„ the cellor is ^ duat wei, over
u	'	. mT t0glher". the walls and floor unslacked lime,
Huckleberry Pancakes- Sift to- ,eavin ,t on for B day or two then
Bother in a deep bowl one quart of brushin it oflr.
flour, two teaspoonfuls of salt, three	whvn m&king	amall cakca
tab (-spoonfuls of sugar add three	inklo , little ^our over the tins,
well-beaten eggs and four table- instead of rubbing grease on. This apoonfuls of miIk.	Beat to a smooth anawera thv purpose jugt us wen, alld
batter, then add one pint of cream ia ,esg ^pensive one pint of nulk, the grated rind of	-
one lemon and two cupfuls of huckle-bei ries

1
5)
jàiNwj»
BRITISH ARMORED CRUISER Of Eï>SEX OR SUFFOLK CLASS
AS SEEM FROM THE PORT SIDE___________________

Close green vegetables, such as
cabbage, cauliflower, Brussels
sprouts, etc, should bo soaked for
hi a , ~. j . ^	.	... a short time in vinegar and water to
l aked Stuffed Cucumbers-W ipe drain out aluga or insects.
and peel cucumbers, cut in two-inch wi|d flowera fan be transplanted
pn-ces crosswise and remove seeds. aucceaafully i( care ls taken to put
Mix four tablespoon, bread crumbs thom	plafea with about the eame
two tablespoons hne y chopped cooked ! expoaure and character as they were ham and two tablespoons grated jn before. It is well to move a great cheese (Parmesan is best). Moisten dca, of the natural soil with with tomato sauce and season with salt and pepper. Put cucumber cups in shallow pan, fill mith mixture, surround with hoAvater or chicken stock
Fry and serve very hot
with powdered sugar
4
P
I
*
V

r
the

roots.
After using cold water starch many housekeepers throw it away wasteful
pour off the clear water basin in the oven and leave until the starch is dry and a hard cake. This should be put away for future

à

&
-

»,


This is Allow it to settle and
Put the
THE SAME. WARSHIP AS SEEN FROM THE STARBOARD SIDE. <?
BRITISH CRUISER DOES LIGHTNING CHANGE ACT
The British armored cruised of the Suffolk and Essex class which followed the America’s Cup yachts appeared off Ambrose Channel Light Vessel recently and it was noticed that she is equipped to do a lightning change on the high seas.
Her port side is the same as it was originally, painted a dull, dark gray. But on her starboard side her bow has been painted out with a silvery white color that is not discernible at a distance.
This odd paint is carried in a line along her topside and down around her stern, making her appearance
and bake half an hour. Then cover with buttered crumbs and bake until brown.
Teach Fritters.—Remove skins from three or four peaches and cut in small pieces. Mix and sift one cup flour, one and one-half teaspoons baking powder, three tablespoons powdered sugar and one-fourth teaspoon salt. Add one-third cup milk gradually, while stirring constantly, and one egg well beaten. Then add peaches. Drop by spoonful into hot fat and fry until delicately brown. Drain on brown paper, sprinkle with powdered sugar and send to table on folded napkin, with lemon sauce.
Lemon Sauce.—Put three-fourths
Driving Saps.
use

/
cup sugar into saucepan, add one-fourth cup water and let boil five minutes
Remove from fire, add two teaspoons butter, bit by bit, and one tablespoon lemon juice.
Peach Cake.—Mix together two cups sifted flour, two teaspoons baking powder, one heaping tablespoon butter, one-half cup sugar and milk enough to make soft dough. Roll out half an inch thick and lay on flat, buttered baking pan. Have peaches ready, peeled and cut into lengths. Press these " into dough in rows. Sprinkle with granulated sugar and bake
/

I His Darkest Hour I
e » * % $ % mesessss; ex *
may be achieved by heavy artillery fire, and even by the prolonged us< of machine guns; it has been found that with 10,000 cartridges a gap of some twenty yards can be made. Bui these methods are noisy, and must, to remain effective, immediately precede the attack. Hence their use warns the enemy that it is going to take place. He is then on his guard, all take up their firing positions, the breaches made are immediately swept by a flanking fire, and the success of the attack is all a matter of chance.

I
I
,
l
!

the verdict
Cut in squares and serve hot with sweetened cream.
Potato Soup.—Pare four mediumsized potatoes, quarter and boil with small onion and two or three stalks of celery. When done, remove onion and celery, mash potatoes, add enough boiling milk to make of creamlike consistency (about three cups), one tablespoonful butter, one and one-half teaspoonfuls salt and one egg until light, put in tureen, strain soup
hoarsely
Listeners at Work.
enemy lines and abruptly destroying
8937
SMART VACATION DRESS.
May times is one confronted with through colander into tureen and the difficulty of deciding on the most
satisfactory dress for the vacation Mock Venison.—Make a sauce of I8 it to be an Empire, a Princess one table spoonful brown flour, one
tablespoonful butter and one cupful stock of water, cooked and smooth
serve
what?
short sleeves, yoke skirt or— on just what shall I decide!”
Shall it have a low neck,
“Oh,
When thoroughly , add one table-one table-
soon
spoonful currant jelly, spoonful mushroom or Worcestershire sauce and bring to boil. Heat thin slices of mutton in this until hot, but do not let the mutton cook.
Breaded Parsnips.—Wash and trim parsnips, scrape (if large, split them) and boil ten minutes in salted water. Take from fire, drain, lay in cold water half-hour beaten egg, then in bread crumbs, set aside for about an hour, then fry in
is Ladies’ Home Journal Pattern No 8937
The pattern includes a Quaker collar and cuffs, a waist with a gathered yoke and a one-piece skirt gathered to a two-piece hip yoke. The pattern cuts in sizes 34 to 44 Inches bust measure, requiring in size 86, 6% yards 36-inch material.
Patterns, 15 cents each, can be pur-deep, boiling fat as you would dough- chased at your local Ladies' Home
Take up in wire spoon an 1 Journal Pattern dealer, or from The in hot dish. Oyster plant 's
Wipe dry, roll in
nuts serv
good cooked in the same way
Home Pattern Company, 188-A, George Street, Toronto, Ontario. •
TELL THEIR GREAT DEEDS.
you,
+
Household Hints
(By James L. Hughes.)
Stories of dauntless heroes Dying for liberty,
Winning for truth» and honor Triumphant victory;
Tell these great stories ever; We should forget them never.
he
Washed
What shall the coming ages In story tell of you ?
Never was freedom threatened As r.ow by despot power, Never was duty clearer Now is year testing hour. You must record your story,
ing the model for it, you know.”
"Long hours of fiddling about by | able .think oat some new ides
Shall it be shame or glory?
Johnnie*. Denuj.	Dy to bnmj end Empire,
w&m
A. Enter! Record your story.
formt*, Joly, 191h
<111
* i
Fingrr masks are best removed from furniture by washing with {water colored with vinegar, then wipe with a dry cloth.
In some parts of Norway used u a substitute for
Si
If you spill ink on a carpet, soak
the air
###PAGE###3###
then they ceased, and after an Inter-al there was another outbreak. Then they ceased altogether, and the criminal was never caught
It seems very probable that they were the work of an escaped lunatic, perhaps from a private asylum, who was rearrested, and then escaped again, and was then either secured for good, or, as some say, committed suicide.
What was known as the Clapham Common murder remains in the minds of the public—and, indeed, a great many who were present, like the writer, at the trial at the Old Bailey s an unsolved mystery.
It was a case where a man named Stinio Morrison was accused of the murder of an old man, with whom he was acquainted, by striking him over the head with a bar of iron, defence was sensational and clever, asking for acquittal on the grounds of purely circumstancial evidence; but the jury held a different view, and brought in a verdict of guilty, with the result that the prisoner was sentenced to death.
I cluster of rubles, but never of a blacksmith's rasp. But philology, or the science of words, Is a mere matter of guesswork in many cases so I feel quite at liberty to guess at the origin of the name raspberry myself.
| What does a healthy boy do when he discovers that raspberries are ripe? Anyone can answer that. He [comes rushing towards the house yelling “Rah! rah! rah! The rahs-ber-ries are ripe. “Rah! an abbreviated cheer, expressive of joy. rahs-berries is the berry that makes the small boy cheer because of the joy he feels. Do I hear any objection to that? Of course not. Anyone can see that that is the true explanation. Let the makers of dictionaries take note.
And now that I am at It I may as well set the learned philologists right cn another point that has to do with the raspberry. They seem unable to decide on the exact origin of the word **jam" as used in raspberry jam.
Once more I am amazed at their blindness. Also once more I go to the
healthy small boy for my explanation, every evening for three months.
What does he say when he gets a	Mai—-Well?
chance to steal raspberry jam? If you * ,	* ^on t know whether he got
cannot imagine, just use your memory	my <v,rriPany r,r JURt wanted
and recall what you used to say. *° hear a11 our muB,c machin6 “Yum yum!" of course. With this cor<*Se starter any learned professor will
OVERBLOUSES AND BOLEROS] you that by the application of
Grimm's law, or some similar law, this ecstatic exclamation in time be-
There I, nothing, perhaps, that har-1fame changed to “yam, yam!" Still
1 later it was changed to "jam Jam!"
and then in the bury of our modern life was abbreviated to “jam!" Do I hear any objection to that? It Is all as plain as mud. Say I have a 'em notion to give up farming and go in for philology. The college professors and dictionary makers seem to lack both imagination and knowledge of the small boy.
Now can't you see why I consider the man who makes the boys whistle when picking raspberries the meanest man in Canada? The berry itself and its chief product both take their names from the love of them shown by the small boy. If you do not believe in my derivations just try any healthy boy with ripe strawberries and strawbery jam and see how he will act If he doesn't say “Rah" and "Yum yum" he is not a normal
boy.
WEAK, TIRED, DEPRESSED MANY UNSOLVED
MYSTERIES
*
uttYi i
That Is the Usual Oondltlon of Persons Afflicted With Anaemia


?

CRIMES WHICH HAVE NEVER
BEEN SOLVED.

Anaemia is the medical term for poor watery blood. It may arise from a Variety of causes, such as lack of exercise, hard study, improperly ventilated rooms or workshops, poor digestion, etc. The chief symptoms ore extreme pallor of the face and gums, rapid breathing and palpitation of the heart after slight exertion, headaches, dizziness and a tendency to hysteria, swelling of the feet and limbs and a distaste for food. All these symptoms may not be present, but any of them indicate anaemia which should be promptly treated with Dr, Williams' Pink Pills. These Pills make new, rich blood which stimulates and strengthens every organ and every part of the body. Dr.
Williams' Pink Pills have made thousands of anaemic people bright, active and strong. The following is one of the many cures. Mrs. Phillips, wife of Rev. W. E. Phillips, Princeton, Ont., says: “Some years ago, while living with my parents in England I fell a victim of anaemia. The usual complications set in and soon I became but a shadow of my former self. My mother, who had been a former nurse of many years experience, tried all that her knowledge suggested; tonics of various kinds were tried, and three doctors did their best for me, but without avail, and a continued gradual decline and death was looked for.
“Later my parents decided to Join
my brothers in Canada, and it was j no result was ever secured. The man
who was accused of the crime, stood his trial, and was acquitted by the jury, was the father of the boy. day that murder remains an absolutely unsolved problem.
In many ways one crime seems to parallel another, and the incidents of both these child murders are remarkable in their resemblance, not the least of which is thaï; a railway was used as the place for hiding the body.
When one goes back over other unsolved mysteries which Scotland Yard has failed to penetrate there are many which come to the mind of the student of criminology.
Perhaps no greater sensation was ever caused than by the series of what were known as “Jack-the-Riper” blood once again running in my crimes in the neighborhood of White-Dr. Williams' Pink Pills chapel, and the newspapers were constantly coming out with placards of “Another Ripper Murder.'' These crimes took their name from the hor-the use of the | rible way in which the bodies of the
victims were mutilated, and many asserted that they were the work of a Smithfield butcher. It is said also
I

4
jj

«sag®
r.


i
1/
Case of Poor Wee Maggie Nally Recalls Crimes Never Brought
Home.
Z'
Hence
<
#7"

m

IS USED BY THE BEST BAKERS AND CATERERS EVERYWHERE, ALSO BY CHEFS IN THE LARGE HOTELS, AND ON DINING CARS, STEAMSHIPS, ETC.
E.W.GILLETT COMPANY LIMITED
TORONTO. ONT

m
“Wilful murder against some person or persons unknown" is the verdict of the jury, and another great crime is put into that vast pigeonhole which holds so many of the “unsolved mysteries" of life, says London answers.
The latest crime to be put into that category is the sensational murder of the poor little girl Maggie Nally, in a waiting-room at Aldersgate Street Station. All the help of the Press, all the following-up of clues, all the publication of photographs proved futile, and the jury had no alternative but to fall back upon the stereotyped verdict
This case is almost an exact parallel of another which equally kept the public upon the tiptoe of excitement and expectation for many weeks. It was known as the Starchfleld case, and again concerned the brutal murder of an innocent child body was found in a train on the North London Railway.
Many Pointa In Common.
Although many clues were followed,

#r
m
The



MONTRIAL
WiNNir 3

m
I
f-
Fickle Youth.

Alys—George came to our house

They Were Not Satisfied.
S
The authorities, however, must have had some doubt in their minds as to the exact proving of the case, for, although they did not release the man, the sentence was commuted to penal servitude for life.
It is argued that this must be an unsolved mystery, because, had the
hbhh
to be no reason for the committal of the crime, and there was certainly no trace of the assailant.
Among other remarkable unsolved mysteries was the murder of the poor girl Miss Camp, again in a railway-train, whose head was battered in, it was alleged,
pestle, but no trace of the murderer was ever discovered.
But perhaps the greatest of all sensations in connection with murder mysteries is what is known as the Peasenhall crime, which resulted in a man being twice tried for his life at the assizes.
lasted a number of days, and neither jury could make up its mind to a verdict

f

8668
THE VOGUE FOR GIRLS.
Lisps.
Father—What did you and John talk about last night, dear?
Daughter—Oh; we talked about our kith and kin.
Small Brother—Yeth, pop, I heard he seth, 'Kin I hev a kith? and she sets, "Yith you kin!"
boy—whose
confidently expected that the ocean voyage, new climate and new conditions would cure me. For a time I did experience temporary benefit, but was soon as ill again as ever. I was literally bloodless, and the extreme pallor and generally hopeless appearance of my condition called forth many experiences of sympathy from friends whom we made in our new home in Acton, Ont Later a friend urged me to try Dr. Williams' Pink Pills, and although in a condition where life seemed to have little to hope for I decided to do so. After using three boxes I began to mend. Continuing I began to enjoy my food, slept almost normally, and began to have a fresh interest in life as I felt
Home Journal Pattern ffo. 8663, shown above. The underwaist opens in front and has a roll collar, full length plaits at the hips. The overblouse slips on over the head and is held in place by a belt. The pattern cuts in sizes 14, 16, 17 and 18 years, requiring for size 16, five yards of 36-inch material with two yards of material for the underwaist.
Patterns, 16 cents each, can be purchased at your local Ladies' Home Journal Pattern dealer, or from The Home Pattern Company, 183-A, George Street, Toronto, Ontario.
--------*---------
Making No Mistake.
To-
A
I bought a horse with a supposedly incurable ringbone for $30.00. Cured him with $1.00 worth of MINARD’S LINIMENT and sold him for $86.00. Profit on Liniment, $64.
with a heavy stone
MOÏSE DEROSCE. Hotel Keeper, St. Phillippe, Que.

In each case the trial
Wise Man.
Farmer Stack—You say you went through an agricultural college? Then you must know all about nitrates ?
Stranger—Sure thing! Where did you want to telegraph to?
p
Absolute
Sore
Corns
Go!
He was an urchin of the streets, but did not lack wits.
One day he saw a well-dressed woman with a benevolent face coming The man, who was the master of ajong. At once he dropped in a mis-the servant-girl who was found mur- erxble heap on the curbstone and be-dered in the house, with her clothing to sob pathetically, deliberately set on fire by paraffin,	The kind lady paused beside him.
was kept in prison for some little	«What are you crying for, my
time longer, and there was talk of âlboy?” she asked gently, third trial. But the Crown, deciding
ainless
No cutting, no plasters or pads to press the more spot Putnam’s Extractor makes the corn go without pain. Takes out the sting over-night Never falls
Get a 26c. bottle of Putnam'k Com Extractor to-day.
new
ibIbmHPVIL ________
brought about a complete cure and I to-day in robust health. My husband is rector of th's parish and I have recommended Pills to a great number of people with whom we have come into contact in the course of my husband's ministry, for we both know what Dr. Williams' Pink Pills can do."
These Pills may be had from any dealer in medicine or by mail at 60 cents a box or six boxes for $2.60 from The Dr. Williams' Medicine Co., Brockville, Ont
After Two Trials.
am
Mlnard’s Liniment Cure# Diphtheria.
—leaves no scar
Men are brave, and all that, but when one of them is sick he grunts twice as much as a sick woman.
Stifling his sobs with ease, the that the clue to the man was once that its evidence against him was not youngster looked up and replied:
in the possession of the authorities, sufficient, dropped the case, and the| “Dunno. What have you got?" and that they just migsed getting man was liberated. him. The generally accepted theory | To-day that mystery is as great as of these unsolved mysteries was that % was then.	,
the man was an escaped lunatic with I in the Births, Marriages, and homicidal mania.	Deaths column of the newspapers
Guilty or Innocent?	I there appears every year on “In Me
Thie seemed to be borne out to moriem” notice, referring to the extent by the fact that there de«th of • young man who was found was a long series of these murders— murdered in some woods in Scotland
indeed, two happened in one evening— I* wae a complete mystery who had
¦ ¦*¦*¦¦¦ brought him to his untimely doom,
and, although strong suspicion pointed in one direction, no conviction was ever secured. That memoriam notice ends with the quotation: “Vengeance is Mine, I will repay, saith the Lord."
The curious thing which is almost an unsolved mystery in itself, is the peculiar aberration of mind which assails certain individuals in connection with crime, and particularly murders.
*-
A Graceful Hostess.
There are ungracious persons, of whom a certain Mrs. Oomer Is one, who cannot do anything for them selves or anyone else without mag ni fylng the difficulties of the task.
If Mrs. Gomer baked a cake or prepared a special dish she always re marked at the table, “Land sakee, It ought to be good I It was a turrlble Job! I nearly roasted myself over the stove baking ltl ’
If she sat up with a sick neighbor she spent the evening telling about a what a “turrlble mess" she had left oes on improve- her house In, and how difficult It was o other medicine for her to get away, and how hard she
would have to work the next day to make up for It One afternoon while
"SfSSSA. «..or.. S2MS ss
2 =; K.-S r.rsusrjssv*'
locked, invited her to come over to her house and wait for her sister’s return.
That evening, when both families were on their front porches, Mrs Curtis called across :

Advice to Dyspeptics Well Worth Following
TP LOOKING FOB À FARM. CONSULT 1 me. I hare over Two Hundred on my Let. located In the beet eeotione of Ontario. AU eleee. H W. Dawson. Brampton.
It is a mistake to think that married men lie from choice, but their wives persist in asking them such ticklish questions.
cLAUCHLAN MADE $67 LAST ¦ I week. House to house canvassing. Wonderful sellera Either sex. Craigs Brothers, Niagara Falls. Ont
In the case of dyspepsia, the appetite is variable. Sometimes it is ravenous, again it is often very poor. For this condition there is but one sure remedy—Dr. Hamilton's Pills—which cure quickly and thoroughly.
Sufferers find marked benefit in day, and as time gc ment continues. N will strengthen the stomach and digestive organs like Dr. Hamilton’s Pills. They supply the materials and assistance necessary to convert everything eaten into nourishment, into muscle, fibre, and energy with which to build up the run-down system.
Why not cure your dyspepsia now ?
Get Dr. Hamilton's Pills to-day, 25c. per box at all dealers.
------*-----
RASPBERRY LORE.
(By Peter McArthur.)
The meanest man in Canada has been discovered, but I dare not give you his name or tell you where he lives, for like all the mean men I know, he is very respectable, and moreover, he is well off and for that reason his neighbors look up to him.
It would never do to cast a slur on so	Don't Suffer Themse vea.
estimable a citizen, but let me tell Mr. Andrew Carnegie, apropos of the
SlfEian Éiimü
cember, 1897, on the death of Sir the time they are in the berry patch. on teaUier cushions In luxurious ants Bedbugs >111 give no trouble
mm
Charles with a narrow majority of ™can ha^ {t not been that for some ^ Jhip the boy next to Mm. That eleven, after two counts, on a poll of time past I have	.rvir.g to de- g|ve Wm a g**; scans and bring
over eleven thousand vqtes. He says: termine the origin of the name hlin	maybe.
My brothers, Lord "William and "Raspberry." The explanation given Lord M.rcue, were hetping mo. Lordj in the big dict.on.ne. i. perfect ,
Mar cue accompanied me to a meeting. »baurd "Raep-with reference to its and ! told him that he must make a. rough outeide-looking like a raep.
1	| H	What nonsense. The appearance of
a raspberry might remind one of a
M
some
ROFIT-MAKINO NEWS AND JOB Offices for sale In good Ontario towns. The most useful and Interesting of sll businesses application to Wilson Publishing Com-
P
Full Information on
mm
FARMS FOR SALE.
i
<n/>
		
?
ft

7a
What la Their Motive?
It must be some inflated idea of shining in the limelight of notoriety for a few brief moments that makes men give themselves up, self-confessed of some of these diabolical crimes, when it is clearly proved that it was utterly impossible for them to have been anywhere in the neighborhood.
Such happened in the very last mystery of the Aldersgatc Street murder, where a soldier gave himself up to the police authorities in the province.
*
\
4

ed, on Black Cooler
females
„	.	.	females $16. £L Barnards, males $30.
"Oh, Mrs. Comer, I must thank you These arrf the beet breeds for Canada, for taking my sister in! She says you All pedigreed stock Suitable for chi 1-
enteruined her all the afternoon." stewart. <Skworth°Kennela. StTNlchoUa
Building. Montreal
R
AND WHITE Spaniel puppies. Males $16. Airedales, males $26,
S
"Yes," replied Mrs. Comer, ‘and it was a turrlble job, too."
MISCELLANEOUS.
/am
4>
i 1ANCER, TUMORS. LUMPS. ETO. VV Internal and external, cured without pain by our home treatment Writs us before too lata Dr. Bellman Medical Co.. Limited. Collingwood. Ont
Mlnard’e Uniment Cures Colds, Etc.
DIRK’S RED MITE KILLER
ICE CREAM
(Good Enough for Babies)
Give the children all the Ice Cream they want
It Is just the kind of nourishment they need during warm weather.
It is much better than pastries and candies—if it's Ice Cream made as pure and in a sanitary
plant like the City Dairy.
We ship thousands of Ice Cream Bricks for consumption in the home and thousands of gallons of Bulk Ice Cream for consumption in the shops of discriminating dealers everywhere in Ontario.
kSrS
*«4
# N

speech.
“I don't know
“I can't,' he said.

». w

what to say."
I told him to begin, because he would surely be interrupted, and then, being an Irishman, he would certainly And
Mardi it thereupon rose to his eeet, and a voice immediately shouted :,
“Who are you?"
* >
XXX \ t

I
r- DODD'S
Ikidney
Vi?US
'
/
Lord
i ¦
ng to may
/
p - » -
. >
/

"Ovor&torn” V Bottom Motor Boat
$55-

r

-A

ed.
^39
sv
"Who are wet* cried Lord Marcus.
1 T'Wt

"HI ton yoe who we are. We are
Freight Prepaid to any Railway Station In . Length 1» Ft Beam 8 Ft. • In., 1 Ft. 6 In ANT MOTOR FITS.
i
three brothers, and
V


the
ch, Ifeshach. and Abednego.
?


FJ
I


Specification No. IB jlrtag engine prtcee oa request Get our quotation.
—	“ mV

TORONTO.
3 thst
It baa been established that the
THE GIDLEY BOAT CO, LIMITED, PENETAKG, CAN.

-d
Duke of Wellington at Waterloo uttered the fam guards, sod at them!"

We went en Agent In
l.ssi t :i:	II
ve
ED. 7.


###PAGE###4###


Calling in Creditors. SHAWVILLE SASH AND DOOR FACTORY.
THE EQUITY.
Russians to Hold Novo Qeor-
gievsk
W. T. Ilubc* took hi* seat. Motion :	Conns. Hades and Hod-
gins That tlu* n|»|H)intment as mail foreman of W. A. Hodgins for east half of It. .1. Wilson’s division, and Simon Bai l ter for west half, is hereby nun* tii'iii'il hy this hoard. Carried.
Motion : Conns. Hades and llodgin* That work done under the sti]»ervi* sion of the following road foremen Is* u cepted ¦
It. .1. Burgess,
W 11 Luivrhren
.1. J. Sly,
It. A. liodgins,
Hohitaill
y
Province of Qtieliec, \ District of Pontiac. I
I.«union, A tig. t>. With the except i of the great entrenched camp of (leorgievsk, the Russians have évacuat etl the whole line of the Vistula Kivei I v.mguhHl, the southern fortress, havin fallen into the hands of the Austro German army, the Russians are now making their way eastward to the firent Litovsk line.
The decision of the General Staff t« leave the garrison in Novo GvorgivV'k U announced in Petrograd despatche>
The object is to deprive the Germans of the use of railway communications and ot the Vistula River for bringing up
supplies for their armies.
Novo Georgievsk is situated at the junction of the Vistula, Narew and | Insolvents Wkra rivers to the northwest of War t saw. It has two )noverfill bridgehead' eight citadels and twenty-four redoubts containing eleven and twelve inch bat teric'x It is calculated by militarx 'crvcrs lien* that an army corps van hold out there for many months, as tin vamp Unprotected by massive earth works.
The laying of siege to Novo Gory giex'k may prove one of the most m terc'tiiig ot the war, as it doubtless will 'how whether earthworks are less su> eeptible to the fire of high explosive' than are cupola forts.	,
SHAWVILLE, AUG. 12. 1915.

I
ON
SUPERIOR COURT
R. G. HODGINS, Prop.
In the matter of F. W. Ai M. A. IU )\N 11 doing business under the firm mum of THF. CAMI’RKLIjS ItAV CLO THING CO., in the Village oi Camp 1 tells Ray. Merchants, insolv
The creditors of the said Insolvent are hereby ordersl to appear hefort of the Judges of this Court in the (
in ill* t*ourt House at Hijs m on the I F1GHTKKNTH day of AUG I ST, in
'tant. (HHft). at eleven o'clock in the | forenoon, in order to give then touching the appointment of a Curator and ln#(lectors to the projierty vf said
t
issmue that the C. T. R. Ogden shops at Calgary bout to manufacture shells for the ' especially for the Russians— - which will be shipped to Russia \ ia the Fad he coast and the trai iiau mil wav. with which the C. V. 1
Western exeli
Manufacturer of and Dealer in
I
\
^ in)
I 40 *4
1)1 :u
1 S3 sit -Ml 2*
Ol
Dressed
etc.
Sil
Doors, Sash,
Lumber,
1
! lit ** a working arrangement
nt with the volunteer fleet hiit eonneets with the railway. The
utive, however, will not
(
it l

M. Sinclair,
( ». B. Arnt'trong
»
i
gvi
IT#: «0 Carried.
iml Mi *e paid
C. V. 1
Moti
Hod
th- following bills 1
s whirtietrces
ext
rm the rumor
t nuns
i
1
Cord
l
HKNIU A ST llKIMtl I i.-phi \ Prothnnotary Bryson, August Mli, 191 •">
Custom Sawing1.
August 1
.1. 11. Brown, plunks M mson M l h>well, tile,
vontravt for 110,000 j H. s. Klliott. plank for britlg f military pattern for t number of firms

S. (
1

last
lia
rht
ni;
pu
(»4 1 4
utvk awarded a
lnmts il
Carried
pan
1
SHAWVILLE MARBLE AND GRANITE WORKS
T. SHORE - PROPRIETOR.
By l.\w No. i
lî.\T k ko h 191
t
l
SEARCHLIGHTS IN WAR.
At a regular sevdoi Council of the T<»\vnshi| held at 1.30
t the Munieipal i Clarendon, elovk. p. m.t in Hvi "h Monday, the 2nd
to, tl. ex | h	‘ailed in By General | day «>1 August, 191.% in conformity with
tin- provisi ms < : the Municipal CWc «-t
t Quoin

ranging front <*3.90 t >oot emhotlies the features rt
i
11
l
How They Are Worked by Distant Control In Land Operations.
In modern warfare tUe search light la invaluable. On dark nights at sea It is the only means of guarding against torpedo boats, which its beams will reveal at a distance of two miles and more.
On shore It is the electric eye of the army. It is carried to all parts of the field of action by motor truck, and the motor that propels the vehicle drives the electric generator that supplies the current for the light. '
Most of these field searchlights ore not directed by hand, for each Instrument is fitted with what is known as the distant control. Two small motors govern the vertical and the horizontal movements of the light From them an electric cable runs to the station
\

l bv Mr. S. It. Wilkvtt, of
lull. Sliawvillt
I
I have on hand the finest
stock of Marble and Granite Monuments ever placed before the public if this district, Prices are such that it will be to intending purchasers’ interest to consult me before placing their order elsewhere. Nothing too large—nothing too small.
FENCING AND CEMETERY WORK A SPECIALITY
Unci
Ivi
»e as to a new pattern
f Hide leather, hut it i- Ith*
aton were present
.H.I Councillors Bert Hodgins, It. Nile W tried out iu the	A. Bean, Thos. Hades ami W. 1
of Canadian Burl
t
«! which Mayor W. 11. Ban

i tan >li
1
hat a black boot ot a U'ttei
-
f

nil in be i
HI
• futur
mfactuivrs having a , plant it \ of this lot leather on hand. Contract' for until) of clothing haw also Invii rded to ditlvrnt firms, on non par-
i
Manitoba Farmers to give Pro duct of One Acre each for War Purposes
1. It w By-law X« lows ;
t< resolved and ovdii . 53 of this Council
i
i
2. For the levying of the rate of is'cssment for municipal and i for the yeai 191 Flint the rat*
For a practical
\\ inmpeg, August 5
expression ot patriotism and loyalty it would Ik* difficult to find a lniter illus-I (ration than that which the farmers of Manitoba will provide in the course of next few weeks
memltfr of the Manitoba Grain Grow er a Association has promised the ext cut in ilut he will give one acre of hi , ,
vr..,. to intrioti - |.uri«.sv< It is ex , of tte operator, who. although he may pcetcl tlo.t ;it least l(),(HH> aero# will ^ 8CVer'11 hundred feet away, can thus Is' aliened and that the proceed. send the raye of the light In any dlree-will tutiil considéraiily over $<00,000. ^on he pleases.
The wheat will probably lie sent t ¦ :	According to the Navy and Army
Winnipeg and sold a* the market. Th Illustrated, one advantage of this dis assis iati'in at ( laklmrn wants a machin Ont control Is that the objects picked gun purchased jv ith the proceeds of that , op by the beam of light can be sighted district.	|rmore quickly and more definitely, for
If the operator stands behind the light and looks along the beam his vision Is hampered by a luminous haze. A second advantage Is that the light can August 7 Quite .i number of the be placed in an exposed position with-farmers ground this section have started out endangering the men who run It harvesting.	* Were the operator and officer beside
Mr. and Mrs. F. F. Corrigan have fir-, the apparatus they would be certain rived home from a visit to friends at to receive the fire that Is sure to be Sault Stv. Marie.	poured upon a searchlight and would
Mi" Inez Wilson spent the week-end suffer the instant the range was found, w ith ti -I' at Campliells Biy.
Master Byrtle and Miss Freda Nichol of Ottawa are visiting at their uncles,
Mr. K. H.MeoV
Mrs. Robert Little, of CoMen, is visiting at Mr. F. F. Corrigan’s.
We are glad to re|n>ft that Mr. Richard Wilson, who has been very ill, is re-
1
I
} .O',
' IfM|OW* "V"!iu-nt of one
vei> dnllrti Hid i' llVivliN
lit
t
lull '
All Work Guaranteed Satisfactory.
1
(o||;„

Liberals Sweep Manitoba
the i ollertion I linxlv

XI most everv
tl
levied a 3.	1
The Norris tonight returned to power with the greatest phalanx ot sup-Isorters ever known in Manitoba. Every memU'r of the Government wa> elected bstantial majority, while out of the forty six seats lieing decided, the res .Its at midnight tonight show only fixe seats which can lie safely place, the Conservative column, and of tl five there are four French Canadians.
>ir James Aik ins and XV. H. Sharpe, his right-hand man, were 1 «eaten by big majorities, while only five of the former supporter'of the Koblin administration regained their seats in the Houst
I.limed by the < ’«>nser Natives and
Carillon
g, Augu
x eminent was
X
Up-to-Date Tailoring
I
rate of
cent on the dollar on t very dollar of the A'se"iiu‘i,t Roll U* and i' hereby levied to defray the interest and 'inking fund of the Railway Bonus for the year 1915,
hereby levied accord-
(
We have a good assortment of
bv
and tl ingly.
Tweeds aqd Serges
Rv -Law N
1 a first, s 1 passed and lioinol
nd

t i

i
i ti
i U,
gated

Mot

,i'. McCord and Rar
r. Treas. be authorized
Roll at
licet t > accord
(
V
for you to choose from. We guarantee you a fit.
Also a good range of
Gents’ Furnishings Rain Coats and Semi-Ready Suits.
1
That the S
i
tl
Coll
to prêt and to
ingly.
lot
I,
net
i
V»
Hillcrest
Carried
The

Motion : That this ( meet at the i ried.
ns. Fades and Bean— mcil do now adjourn t< ill of the Secretary.—Car
Jv T HolHilNS,
Sec.-Treas.
(
steals
; etled l-> the Liberals art
\ Prefontaine R Iberville, ( Aime Ben uni); Morris, (.1. Furent); Roblm, (F. X Newton); and Ste. Rose. (J. Hamel in).
XX innipeg xvR>ed the Conservative nominees completely out, the six scats l*eing secured by five Liberals and one Social Democrat. Alderman Rigg. The biggest majority polled was that secured by Hon. T. H. Johnston, Minister of Fuldic XX’orks, who had over 4,200 votes the 1 letter of his opponent.
All forecasts and pre-arranged ideas
were jumbled tip in the results, historically Conservative and wl i' believed no Li lierai could jmssibly win, joined the slide and went Li lierai. The result was startling even to the tn -st optimistic supporters of the Norris vernment.

Vk- Tl
. A-w
g
-TVA. JV
3^
*TU *
COPVRI^ACL*.
Germans Capture Warsaw
VIRTUE OF AN APPLE.
London, August are in | «'«session of Warsaw’, capital of Poland, and the third largest city in the Russian Umpire. Bavarian troop* entered the city thi> morning, having taker
The Germans
MURRAY BROS., SH^WVILLE.
At One Time the Fruit Wee Called the “Food of the Gode.*
The apple has become so familiar as the commonest of all fruits that Its
"fully ™ BküÜe lines and	Talu« “ man'‘greate8t frie.nd to,
________find inner fortieses of the Mr. R. W. Smiley and little daughter vegetable kingdom may not be fully
town itself, the Russians fighting only	Freda, of Ottawa, spent the week-end	r®eUze^* }l was called thc "f^°d of
rearguard actions t<> allow their main	with family, who are holidaying at Mr.	the coda because It wai bettered to be
army to make good its evan?	W. A	Hodgims’.	The	latter	will	re-	the magic «newer of youth to which
While to the Bavarians, command 1	main.	the god. resorted when they felt them-
by Prince Leonid, has fallen the ho r Miss Hester Hodgins, accompanied selves growing old and feeble.
of taking over Warsaw in the nam >f	by her cousin. Miss Nellie Smiley, ia	There have been many mystic trsdl-	IQIC	DDIPC	(bEOrt	Aft
the Herman Etnis-ror and his consort,	visiting Mrs. W. K. Smiley of Davidson.	Uon. about the apple, which haa been	1310	rtllut	tbUjU.UU
who are cv, acted to make a state entry Misa Pearl Wilson, of fehawville, vis- credited with varied potency. It lathe
within a few days, the real conquerors	ited at	her uncle's,	Mr. Richard Wilson's	healing fruit of the Arabian tales.	FOR	FnrH	flnt
Ottawa Citizen :	While	plans	have	are the troops fighting under Field Mar-	last week.	La*> chronicle, and institutes and ear	ar.	w.	u.,	c	OfU,	UHL.
nut vet l»een made in view of the tm- shall von Hindvnburg, along the Narew Master Johnnie and Miss Lilian Mur- if Bnglian poema contain many refer p » ll _ i ii 11 a	¦¦	., A
.rrtaintyastothedatcofhisrcturn.it River t- the northeast, to thc Austro- ray, of Renfrew, are holidaying at Mr. encea to it Scientific analysis of late U. fl. nOWBrtl S6IIS iMG UBrS BS WBlI BS the GflSO-understood that a huge demonstra-	Germans,	who cn»s«ed the Vistula to I H. Mee's.	years has Justified mu t ho .1 ml,-nt giori-
tion is to lie organized in honor of Sir	the south	of the city, and to the armies	Quite a numl>er from around here	flcatlon of this fruit, which has been	Imp f n	run	thpfYI
Robert Borden, prime minister of the (of the Austrian Archduke .Joseph Fer- attended the social at Farkinan and re- found to contain albumen, sugar, gum,	¦
Dominion, and one of Canada» great dinard and the German Field Marshall ! lH>rt a good time.	BBUcsdd,gBlUc acid, fiber, water and
men, when he sets foot again on his von Mackensen, which are advancing Mr. James ChithU*rtson is erecting a phoaphorua.	A f.,|| ||no nf Hnnolso	„ J_____L _	•
native soil after his visit to the Old	northward !*et ween the Vistula ami Bug	new house. Things	look suspicions,	Mnic add of apples neutmiizes the n U	m6	Of	iBpal p3Tt S 3flu fTI 0 vO T 3CC6SS0PI6S
Country It is proposed to have a wel-	rivers.	Jim. Ho|>e you don't	forget to invite	excess of < lia 1 k> matter •
coming that will last all the way from The Russians are fighting deaperatelv	Bluebell. much meat and thereby helps to keep	^	w^
the ocean’s edge to Ottawa. A demon- and stuhU.rnlv to check the i>mirre»« of	^ young. Apples are good for the Wnen 111 LOWÎ1 Call Bt the Garage and BSk
stration absolutely non-partisan in cha- these four armies and have had several	complexion, as their ackla drive oat the	»	¦	.
meter will lie sought. It is generally [ successes, inflicting heiyvy losses on their | || Cl P PROTECT nox*oufl m a ttüfc which cause skin	lOt n demonstration*
admitted that the visit of the prime pursuers ; but they are lieing steadily	anytloy TUf W food fDf tbt tfiln,
minister to Imperial councils has been pressed back, which made the longer	THE DEER*	which those same noxious matters, if
fraught witli the greatest importance to occupation of the Warsaw Polish salient . .	.	, ni Q retained, render slugg’sh I he adds
fa inula as regards her status in the a hazardous undertaking.	I And other Osme during Close Season of the apple diminish the acidity of the
S3SS...................................... —------------------------------------------
and that one of the longest steps for- Ruwlian n.|ipf commission, ward in the perfertton of an Em,;,re The r,f aUle th,lt lthho ,, the
constitution has been taken. His visit I>opulation of the Po|ish lanital was
* fittingly marked and accordinglyar 1 cifizetiM elected to remain, only approxi-rangements to that effect have been mate, ,5 nt ^ ^ hi;vj M
initiated by a number of his friends.	| the city. this accounts for the com-
parative order and the absence of panic which accomfiaiiied the exodus.
When German occupation first seemed imminent the Government issued an
Scats •re it
Place your order now for that
new

(
Planning Welcome to Sir Robert Borden.
IS
G. A. HOWARD.
CANADIAN
Province of Queliec District of Pontiac No. 153»
REVEREND J. O. BEAUDRY, Parish
Priest, residing in the township of Grand Calumet, in the Province of Quebec, in hi* capacity of testamentary executor of
gist, "la the one Infallible proof of an Reverend Antoine Branetj'nbls lifetime artistic temperament Doee a shiver Parish Priest, residing at the village of run op and down your spine when you	'¦ u orU in , ** F,sJd district of
ttolen to baaotlful mw.c or road a PonU,tc' "> the Province of Quebw ;
Plaintiff,
)
tial
Superior Court
RAILWAY 00.
Seaside Excursions
1915..
Hound trip tickets will be sold at one-way first-class fare p
.11 good critics ***** ibis Stiver	"t ^'land%nd^^^Èd^
Uon of the backbone before a property, according to the laws of Inland. Tickets good going
-a ### :#&
¦' | The defendant. AlboW%%% SSE ^ ^ ^ ^
ordered to appear in a month.	For further particulars apply to any
HENRI A. SAINT PIERRE.	B**
Prothonotary of the Superior Court,
u	Patriot of Pontiac.
Bryson. Que.. July 96th. 1915.
Prov Game Warden
Doee Your Spine Shiver?
MA shivering spine,** said a psycbolo-
Bryson, January 1913
THE MARKETS
lovely poem or look at a superb pa tot
lus
Vs
to yon forever. All great artists s
HI
Flour perbarrel $7.M>
Wheat, pel bushel, standard $1.25 Oats,per bushel, 45c.
Bhawville, Oue., Aug. 2, 1915. order that third class ticket#» to any Butter tubs, priat*Mérollsito« Regular session fd Clarendon	Council	point in the interior of Russia should	Potatoes per bag. 750,
held this 2nd day of August	at one	be given free to all	citizens desiring to	perdoten jHc.
o’clock, p. m., in Hynes' hall, Hhawville.	depart. The only	condition attached	Pork per 100 lbs.7.50 to H.00
Present : Mayor W. T. Barr	; Coun-	by the authorities	was that residents	Hidesperioo lb 8.00
cillors Bert Hodgins, R. McCord, Alex, so leaving would not be allowed to re- Polka 90 to 73 each
turn without a special permit.	Horse Hides each 2.30
Those choosing the alternative of de- Calfskins each 63 to 7»
I part u re foresaw that Warsaw would be Wool washed per lb. 32c to 86c Coun. McCord and Hades visited with conditions similar to those Hay per ton $16.50 —That the following jobs of work, given imposed on Lods and that the town out on May 17th and 18th, now com - would be cut off from the interior of
are here- Russia, whence all provisions were ob t authorize» 1 :	tamable and that Warsaw would suffer
Elliott, $73 00 I from famine.
t
Clarendon Council Minutes
Au
«os
Re-
f
presents
that wrinkles the back of
Bean, T Eades.
Minutes of last meeting read and
adopted. Motion :
E.J.HBBKR r
was already
1st Aset Goal

1. Qu-
oi
tcb from Napo-
pleted and examined, be and by accepted and paymen Dean’s Bridge, by H 8.
^ JDI^ Brown* >ng *	^ S3 001 London, August 6.—All the London
E.T. Brownlee's Culvert, by J.	morning papers today deal editorially
13 00 at IF**1 length with the fall of Warsaw.
Stumping Smiley’s Sideline, by	A™ th™	tremendous po-
w p^nr	45 0oM,tlcal elferl the occult ion of the
And that Brown’. Bridge, built by Wil Polish capitalby the Teutons, but a
fred Bean be inspected by E. Dag* m^onty of then, minimise its strategic —L----------------------------------------Its as regard-» Russia.
On Oct 30, 1807, be wrote tu
TENDERS
Thefollowingare last Saturdays qool atlo »:
Batter, In prints 30c to 82c Butter In pal Is IB to Eggs, fresh, per Josen ‘43 to 26c
Teacher Wanted
, Tender* will be received up till two I.
Teacher wanted for School District
de Gotha is full of
taken of the
by
Tall the
Pork, per 100 lbs $11.00 to 18.00 Beef, per 1001 be. $10 00 to 1160 Oats per bushel 86c
be
By order of the Board
M. A. McKINLEY,
m. a Mckinley
Treat, BhawriMs,
the
AM. Hecy Tree*

###PAGE###5###
THE EQUITY,
WINNING A BATTLE
When you want the best value for your
NEWPORT IS UNIcUE.
. money in
\ Weekly Journal devoted to Local Iqtercet••
Published every Thursday
\{ Shawville, County Pontiac, Quo.
SHINGLES
Ae a Watering Place It la In a Claes
All by Itself.
Newport Is our greatest Invention li watering places. There is nothing a: all like It anywhere else in the world. At tiret glance Coney island would np pear to many peope more character Isticnlly American, and Newport, Indeed. a mere snobbish Imitation of I Europe. Hut If there Is anything like Newport In Europe It has escaped at least the present writer's notice, whereas something very like the ad mlrahle Coney he could duplicate In several quarters of the globe.
Newport is the only watering place In the world where there are no hotels tnd no hotel life, no fashionable promenade. no scene of gayety accessible to the stranger for an admission fee. On ordinary mornings the tourist penetrating tho Casino might see a few young people In flannels playing tenuis and A scant dozen of their elders dropping In for a moment to say good morning or to deliver some message. He might with extra good luck observe one of the queens of fashion drinking in orangeade. That would be, with the single exception of tennis week, about all be would observe.
fie would, of course, be free to walk the weary length of Bellevue avenue between clipped green hedges and see the pleasant Newport homes—only a few of them "palaces." But nobody would be stirring In the houses and no one walking in the avenue. An occasional motor would roll by, that is ill. He could also take that pretty walk along the cliffs and see more oleasADt houses- still only a few of them "palaces/* He might, If the fates so incline, perhaps see a fashion-ihle footman at the window; he could scarcely hope for the butler. He could see the avenue whirring at half part 4. the dinner hour. And strolling through the night he might here and there observe lines of motors waiting under the shadowy trees, and even hear dance music beating In the calm, -oft darkness.
Newport presents. In fact, a singlar Impression of quietness, of distinction, of an existence not wholly In the pub lie eye.—Harper’s Magazine.
How One Defeat Was Turned Into a Brilliant Victory.
THE REAL HERO OF MARENGO.
at $1.65 per M> and up
Also Laths, Dry Lumber, Clapboards Flooring. End Matched Hardwood Flooring, Mouldings, Doors, etc., try
A. F. CAMPBELL,
Box 455
Subscription, $1 a Year in Advance
ur All arrears must b# paid up before any papery discontinued*
AUGUST
ADVERTISING R^TES.
9 1
1
IARGAIN S
Legal advertising, 10cents per line for 1st inanition and I cents per line or each subsequent insertion
Business cards not exceeding one Inch <nsorted at $3.00 per year.
Local announcements inserted at the rate of 8 cents per line for first insertion and 3 cents for subsequent Insertions.
Arnprior, Ont.
It Wee Net Napoleon Nor Even the Daring Dssaix, but the Fearless Drummer Boy Who Refused to Beat a Retreat, but Beat a Charge Instead.
A
PROMPTLY SEGUH
Napoleon was sitting In his tent Before him lay a mop of Italy. He Cmrnerolal advertising l»y the month I took four pins and stuck them up
e::	* f-
etructions accompanying them will be in-	I "i'1 capture him there.
sorted until forbidden and charged for | “Who, slrT* asked on officer.
•*111188, the old fox of Austria. He
Birr.h. m irriage and death notices pub-1 will retire from Genoa, pass Turin and lshed free of charge. Obituary poetry declined.
In a!] countries. A<k fur our INVEN-Tui; .S ADVfSKR.which will bo sent free.
MAlilON & MARION.
364 University St.. Montréal.
1
Ladies’ Hose
Ladies’ Plain Black Cotton Hose in sizes 7i to 10. Price 12&c. per pair.
1
HOMEMAKERS’ CLUBS.
TIME OF MEETING :
accordingly.
fall back on Alexandria. I shall cross the Po, meet him on the plains of Laconia and conquer him there," and the
All kind, of Joh Printing neatly nnd | Wer of the child of destiny pointed cheaply executed. Orders by mall | to Marengo, promptly	to.
Austin - First Tuesday, Murrells - Second Wednesday, Elmside - Second Wednesday, Bristol, - - First Thursday, Starks Corners, Second Thurs. Wyman, -	- First Friday,
Shawville - First Saturday, farm • Last Saturday,
of each month.
JOB PRINTING.
*
Boys’ Stockings
Boys' Heavy Ribbed Cotton Stockings, with double knee, and guaranteed-fast black
15c. per pair.
Two months later the memorable campaign of 1800 began. The 20th of May saw Napoleon on the heights of 8t Bernard. The 22d, Larmes, with the army of Genoa, held Padua. So far all had been well with Napoleon, w—^ | He bad compelled the Austrians to take the position he desired, reduced the army from 120,000 to 40,000 men, dispatched Murat to . the right and June 14 moved forward to consummate bis masterly plan.
But God threatened to overthrow his
JOHN A. COWAN.
Publisher
Professional Cards.
DR. A. H. BEERS
Child’s Silk Stockings
SURGEON DENTIST
Cami»hi;i.i.s Day - - Qvg.
Doctor of Italie la# and Master of Surgery I scheme! A Uttle rain bad fallen In the McGill University.	| Alps, and the Po could not be crossed
Doctor of Dental Surgery, University of. jn time. The battle was begun.
LIcentiT/of Denial Surgery, Quebec. Mllaa- Poahed «° th« wl11- reeo,Ted
cut his way out, and Napoleon reached
the field to see Larmes beaten, Champeaux dead, Dosa lx still charging old
DR. N. M. HALKETT, B.A.lMlla» With his Au.trlan phalanx at
_	,	_	Manftgo till the consular guard gave
tsp&’soa ssa •«. «- •»« »«"	««•»—
Po^t Graduate Protestant General Hus- | * terrible defeat.
Ottos:	SHAW VILLE. QUE.
Childrens’ Silk Stockings in pink, sky tan, black and white—fast colors. Sizes 4i to 6. 35c. per pair.
)
SYNOPSIS OF CANADIAN NORTHWEST LAND REGULATIONS
rP N E sole head of a family, or any male A over 18 years old , may homestead a quarter section of available Dominion land ii. Manitoba, s.t-k. bewan oi Alberta, person at
Boots and Shoes
Just a* the day was lost Desalx, the boy general, sweeping across the field = at the bend of Ills cavalry, halted on the eminence where stood Napoleon. There was In the corps a drummer boy, t gamin whom Dean lx had picked up In the streets of Paris. He bad followed the victorious eagle of France In the campaigns of Egypt and Germany. A* the columns halted. Napoleon shouted to him, "Beat o rctreatl"
The boy did not stir.
. "Gamin, beat a retreat!"
The boy straightened up, grasped his drumsticks, turned and looked Napoleon straight In the eyes, and said, "Sir I do not know bow to beat a retreat; Desalx never taught me that, but I can beat a charge—oh, I can beat a charge that will make the dead fall Into Une. I beat that charge at the Q DADDV If O Pyramids, I beat that charge at Mount V* w\ • DM HR I | l\i Tabor, I bent It again at the bridge of
BARRISTER, ADVOCATE, &C . Lodi May I beat it here?"
Napoleon turned from the boy to Desalx and said, "We are beaten; what shall we do?"
"Do? Beat them! It is only 3 o'clock and there Is time enough to win a victory yet Up! the charge I beat the old charge of Mount Tabor and Lodi!"
A moment later the corps, foUowlng the sword gleam of Desalx and keep-AC I tog step with the furious roll of the gamin's drum, swept down on the host Hull. ) of Austrians. They drove the first line
back on the second—both on the third and there they died.
Desalx fell at the first volley, but the Une never faltered, and as the smoke cleared away, the gamin was seen In front of bis Une marching right on and still beating the furious charge. Over the dead and wounded, over
CAMPBELLS BAY, QUE. |SZZZ'ZZAZ:!
he led the way to victory and the fifteen days in Italy were ended.
Today men point to Marengo in wonder. They admire the power and fore-
rCHDPF UVM PC I sight that so skillfully handled the bat-U	t ri I IM KO Iti€i tot they forget that a general only
thirty yean of age mads a victory of
a defeat They forget that a gamin
of Paris pat to shame "the child of
destiny."—Anonymous.
App
t th
1 leant must ie Dominion
ear in Agency
oi Sul	for the District Entry
l»y proxy may be made at any Dominion Lands Agency (but not sub agency) on certain conditions.
LnT
We have placed on sale a table of Boots and Shoes for men, women and children. These are not the newest styles, but good serviceable boots that will give you excellent wear, at less than cost price.
S. A. MACKAY
Duties.—Six mont*#' residence upon and cultivation of the land in each of three years. A homesteader may live within nine mile of his homestead on a farm of at least 80 acres. on certain conditions. A habitable house is required except when residence is performed in i n f be vicinity.
in certain district# a homesteader in good standing may pre-empt a quarter section alongside hi homestead Price $8.00 per acre
Duties—Six months residence in each of three years after earning homestead patent ; also .10 acres extra cultivation. Pre emption patent may be obtained as soon as homestead patent, on certain conditions.
A settler who has exhausted his homestead right may take a purchased homestead in certain districts. Price $3,00 per acre. Duties. — Must reside six months in each of three years, cultivate 50 acres and erect a house worth $300.
The area of cultivation is subject to re duction in case of rough .scrubby or stony land. Live stock may he substituted for cultivation under certain conditions.
BLUFFED THE LION.
NOTARY PUBLIC
Shawvllle,
A Big Game Hunter Who Tested His
Theory and Won.
fn the American Magazine Stewart Edward White tells how in South Africa he bluffed a wounded lion and made him run away:
“Now, I am perfectly aware that a wounded lion always chargea. Exceptions are so rare as only to prove the rule. But I have always cherished a theory that even a wounded lion can be bluffed out. provided the man does the charging first before the beast can gather his faculties. Here was a heav-?n given opportunity to try that out
“So I took the 405, stepped out from our sapling, walked steadily toward him.
Que.
R. MILLAR, L. L L
G. F. HOGGINS GO.
ADVOCATE,
Bryson - - • Que.
Will visit Shawvllle every Saturday.
».
We are ready for Your
Office and Residence
Campbells Bay, Que.
IT* Visits Shawvllle every Saturday.
“If I had stood still In his sight for the instant necessary for him to see^lHI what I was be would have come In, for	W. W. CORY. C M.
he was hurt and hungry. But he had	Deputy of the Minister ofthe Interio r
not that Instant Holding my rifle , N. B.—Unauthorized publication of ready for immediate action, I advanced 11®*8advertisement will not be paid for.
)n him at an even gait He saw me at )nce and fixed on me bis great yellow
Spring and Summer Trade
• a
•t
CEO. C. WRIGHT, K. C.
Roofing,
Troughing,
And any Tinwork required in building.
Sheeting
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER >
FARM FOR SALE.
Carload of Sheet Iron just placed in stock.
SATISFACTION GUARANTEED.
¦IF
196 Main St.
PRICES REASONABLE.
PHONE BELL
J. Ernest Gabourv, LL B.
ADVOCATE
BARRI STER k SOLICITOR
G. W. DALE
PRACTICAL TINSMITH Shawvllle, Que.
on A
Two £ood wells
one con-Good orchard. Will be
Will be in Fort Coulonge every Wednesday and Shawvllle every Saturday,
John o. McDowell,
Box 2m Haileybury, Ont.
When Chest Thumping Began.
For fifteen years Dr. Jean Nicolas de Corviaart practiced chest tapping In diagnosing disease, getting little but abuse from bis fellow practitioners.
Along came Napoleon and made Dr.
Corvlsart his physician. Dr. Corvisart Rome what surprised Napoleon when he thumped hfca chest by way of examination. Napoleon, with his characteristic I Fresh Meats, shrewdness, recognized the advantage

SHAWVILLE
Embalmer and Funeral Director
Main Street.Shawville.
Personalattention.Openall hours.
MEAT SHOP
I
CEO. PRENDERCAST, Prop.
Tbs Jewebarp has been taken far
than most of os bars ever Imagined.
Cured Meats,
Sausages, etc.,
)f a scientific test over guesswork and
UNDERTAKING
•MADE IN CANADA*
viser. The method of chest tapping now came Into Immediate vogua—Kan-
*aa City Star.
Always on hand.
HAYES A FINDLAY
virtuoso devised an Ingenious bolder
Ford Touring Car
Price $590
ns of which he played five
SHAW VILLI by

r I
Hide» and Pelt# bought and highest market price paid.
(opposite J. H. Shaw’s.)
?

All calls will receive prompt personal attention.
"Mamma." said little Tommy as be
os a table In

u.
S%
closed the big book, "what are the
. t
a e
W. J. HAY
*9
"The 'wings of time,* my son," re-
IVices of Ford «pare parts have been reduced an average of ten per cent. A Ford touring car now be bought, part by part, for but $38.87 more than the price of the car ready to run. Another - big slice off the M after cost " of motoring.
Buyers of Ford cars will share in our profits if we sell 30,000 cars between August 1, 1914, and August I, 181ft.
Runabout $540 ; Town Car $840 ; F. O. B. Ford, Ontario, with all equipment, including electric headlights. Cars on display and sale at
Q. A. HOWARD - DEALER Shawvllle, Que.
piled his mother In loud tones, "ere
U Need A Safe
FOR SALE.
may
People amid John Jacob
And then pe coughed uneasily and
At J. A. Beckett’s shop, Shaw-ville, 700 feet of steel chain, part 3-eighte, and part 5-eix teen the. Will be cut any length as desired. Apply to Mr. Beckiitt.

F
he
ta of
a h
raoM
ucnoir
In Case Of Fire
Is
In
vanity."
la
I have received the agency for this District for tbs far famed “ Reliable " Fire Proof Safe and Lork
Saw-Mill Outfit
In every way up-to-date. Port-ball aa a Scottish highiunder."—Waab- | able Mill ; daily capacity 15,000.
Inserted tooth saws, double edger and trimmer, bull wheel, slab saws 11 in good order.
id will be pleased to quote prices vsral styles mas ¦ facta red.
n
The Com bleed OSes Desk and Safe
— «
%

Only Imaginary.
eiooal
¦ ¦¦an s or farmer’s equipment. U #s the am est sen veulent outil ever

Married
don’t really have half
a
Also four good work homes
Invented.
Prices away hslew those of the city
*t have half the fun mar- and truck.
•tin fun ef fire
think they buva-Detrolt
A. W. Chamberlin,
R- M. R. No. 1, Shawvllle,
he
M. R. Mf GVÎRR.
SbawT -

###PAGE###6###
THERE’S A DELIGHTFUL ‘SOMETHING’
A WAR-TIME DINNER.
Il
II
Pork and Beans With Worcester Sauce Is Cheap and Nourishing.
about the flavour of
Woman Against Woman
Greenwood is one of those intolerable men who always rise to an occasion, says a contributor to Punch. He is the kind of man who rushes to sit on the head of a horse when it is down. I can even picture him sitting on the bonnet of an overturned motor bus and shouting, “Now all toI Ami then, too, he seemed to realize	IK] JRkiUMifl	Wh° ""
giiii tiffli, Wifi ülSS
could no more have resisted than he	and respected the lover	of a	pure	hut the chimney pots of the neighbor-	he began. “It unsettles women aw-
coultl the will of God.	young girl. He saw her his	wife,	saw	jng houses, with their	cleanly cover-	fuuVe Now my wife is insisting on	|rrrrr_	"	=
She could not speak to repudiate himself slowly >ut suivly falling from mg of new fallen snow, while the air j,avjng her housekeeping allowance ned pork and beans. I can’t make
UsHHIHS Sü'E-æFHFS,
renm-u-h which he llid not even dim I betrayed into her present position, realize that Dowd Valworth ought been put before her in flaring type. month’s notice! when he heard the ly understand and then that faded.	n!ul suddenly a low cry issued from	to have returned, and looked about	The general opinion of the com-	cook’s step in the	hall, I	am	inclined
* She waited waited she could not	his Hp».	him with that shifting glance that in-	partment seemed to be that the censor	to think the cook	got there	first.”
have told whether it w!as for moments	, U was Nathan Simonson	who	had	dirates apprehension.	had gravely neglected his duty.	Now	in	the	train	I	recommended
or hours; hut the silence seemed	!t a‘1:	,	, ,	.	r	.. 1	, /’Can anything have	happened to	“I agreed with my wife,” said Blair,	tinned	pork	and	beans with	Worcester
wivs than one “ he said with his ever-1 He had forgotten the cold, forgot- suppose. I half wish I had gone for, five per cent advance would have at me. Ior once in his life he can-pre ent smile.’ “I am not going to	ten the cut of the sleet—forgotten	it myself. I wonder if I would dare	meant five pounds a month. Luckily	not rise to the occasion,
either reproach or rebuke you but the	everything, except that new and un-	, leave her here while I go to fetch	providence fashioned women without
time has come when your* irrevocable	recognized repentance upon him.	one? Confound his stupidity! He is	„„ idea of arithmetic.’’
decision must be made. I am going How clear .t all was to him now- growing into an imbecile too rapidly to send vour father out again. Is it ^at I rightful influence-and with to suit even me. I wonder to be for a minister or an officer of «hut exactitude that was surprising, would dare leave her?"
rh"	SUTSM	JS	S. -mmy» «.
She onened her eves like one who fatuation for her mother. It	was	feasting his gluttonous eyes upon	paper, said Greenwood	loftily,
had Wralep! She vutliT hand true! Ghastly-horribly true!	her perfect beauty	did not argue the point with her. Fin-
to her mouth and her finger-nails How he hated the Jew!	! “Mine!” he muttered.	All—all ance is not woman's strong point,
knocked against her teeth with a' He was stumbling down the street, mine! And I shall know too well how % rang for the cook at once.” sound that startled her. But there his eyes more haggard than before, to protect my own interests. Curse Everyone looked admiringly at the was still no more idea of yielding in his	limbs almost palsied.	it all. I wish^Valworth	would come.	hcro W^Q	j*red to face his cook.
tnrdlv char ires within the nower of before the door were the words:	voices coming in shrill	little screams	ciscly the	things that have not ad-
moltll marfto make"couldTove m:|	„ _ . f f. „	from belE with the	occasional in-	vanced	You understand?
now Ycii have already done your	  Precinct Station.	terruption of a mother	calling to her	will do.	So you see the matter was
worst. Let my father answer for a	. ,	offspring, and the	*jf a door,] settled.”
crime, if crime he has committed. Ij He hesitated.	cai?e< Per^aPs l>>r	.
still refuse to sell my	soul for his un- 4 "is hands were blue with cold,	his,	There was no sound of	the	return
once. The excitement	of the night be- the man behind the desk:	She had not moved.	head, in an	emergency. They	never
fore, the misery she had suffered, and v “For the love of Heaven arrest	and	He looked down upon her silently,	rise to the occasion”
this together, would have proved too hanK m„e! 1 »m ,» murderer!	Not	but remained only a moment so. He	The next morning I	met Green-
much for a stronger woman than she,1 "1°"* °f <>"* m«n. but: of * woman — lifted his head, and listened intently, wood egain
and she realized that unconscious- wifc, as well and worse than all, almost eagerly.	,	.	“By the way,” I asked, “did you
he uncorked the vial and carefully - Precinct Station. Quicker than must be Valworth. Once more he liar cannot look you straight in the
extending his hand.‘placed it directly fought a policeman was upon either hurried, but with noiseless tread, to eyes. Discredit it. “That dinner beneath her nostrils	I F,<*e °f him. imagining they had in- the door, and opened it carefully. was excellent,” he replied.
The tweet, pungent	odor, filled the aa"Hy to contend with; but Dowd:	Ay, surely it was he, but	you had been there to try it	.
room. Carefully he held his breath. , Xa worth threw off their hands	|	What was the change in	the	man s	every gingle	thfng at per„war pricee/»
mmm mwm
She saw the triumphant smile, the self UP* 1 am not going to try to es- questions formulated themselves in “Glad to hear these hard times hideous sneer of the heavy features cape. Don’t stop to think of me, Simonson’s brain, than he put them don’t affect your household,” 1 began the glow in the bulging eyes, and - go there at once--to my house, aside, smiling at his own fofiy	diplomatically.
the vial in his dirty, outstretched fin- for her-my child! 'tou will find her “Have you got it? he questioned, Mrg Greenwood smiled. “What
m-in that man s power the creature eagerly “Have you-	has Oswald been telling you?”
iüSe i?l§§§
to clear u film from her vision! Then times worse than that! And I have ever, a loamy whiteness overspread- see, cook conscientiously followed Cache swayed and tottered—further— helped him—been his cursed accom- ing hie grimy face.	wald’s instructions. He had sardines,
further vet—till she lay cold and still Phce— but I have awakened to the He had recognized the gray-blue of | Worcester sauce, macaroni, and tin-in the arms of the man she most ab-	reality of my horrible crime. Never the uniformed	officer,
horred.	mind me! Go there and rescue her!”	(To be	continued.)
Dexterously Simonson inserted the The sergeant behind the desk came cork in the vial with his teeth, then eut, and placed his hand upon the drew it from him, never drawing m**} • #h wider, soothingly.
breath until it was beyond his reach. V V°u intend to accuse yourself of ^ Paris Paper Enumerates Its Bcne-“Quick, Valworth!” he exclaimed.	a c”™’ m>r K"od fellow, he said,
“We must lose no time in getting her	fiuietly, “you must take care. Re-
away from here. Dunraven will know member that what you have—	I In a long article headed, “What we
well enough where to- find her when	P*, rJJic ^ Heaven, drop Qwe to British Navy,” the Temps
her absence is noticed, and will come a11 that; AVnat d° I care what be- enumerates the benefits conferred on
illsEfi ESls I sSÉsp
tectives in New York at once to find power of the police would be nothing flags. Millions of square kilometres her there.”	compared with his infamous ability! 0f territory and millions of inhabi-
“A carriage?” stammered Valworth, Go there! Then, if you do not find tanta are no longer covered by the stupidly	her, call me a madman, if you will!
“Yes, a carriage. Quick, man!” Only go there! You have not the
“But can’t they trace us by a car-	refuse to see.
riage’”	~	| Give me the address, and Î will
“No, you fool. I shall take particu- s*nd of my men at once,”
lar care that they don’t. Don’t stop, turned the sergeant.	I j _ ,___________ . ,
to Question my methods, but if you “Not one. but two or three. He will Indo-Chma possessions, would save yourself, go at once.” not yield without a struggle, and you not have been Duals and Edea in the Valworth picked up his hat. For know nothing of his terrible power. Cameroons which have been bombard-the first time there seemed to be 1 warn you now there will be a hor- ^	Louis	and Dakar in Sene-
something almost sullen in his man- nine struggle- something which you . The Koenigsberg, unbottled,
Ailsa lay there like a dead thing, to .how the infernal demon that I of their rommomcations wUh the cold, lifeless, and with but a «ingle have escaped hi. devil1, grasp at Mother Country. The troop, of the glance in her direction, Valworth	great French colonies in Africa and
.tumbled from the room.	m. n^Tyrnr	Aeie would heve	unebk V hold
He went down-stairs like a drunk-j	UlArlhK XXIX.	out for long. This is what is now
en man, though he had but one drink Like a dead thing Ailsa lay in the happening in the German territories, that morning, holding himself up by arms of the man she hated and feared 0f which are to-day virtually cap-the rickety balustrade, and let him- most on earth, fortunately uneons- tured A„ German commerce deface. The snow was falling heavily, his thoughts his own, but the exprès- neutral shipping, and their naviga in cutting sleet rather than soft sion of his hateful countenance giv- tion is unhindered, flakes. He drew back under the shel-l ing evidence of the triumph he felt After eleven months of war there
i

i

or A Terrible Accusation.
Why
PRESIDENT
SUSPENDER
T
u
. that ceux only be produced by the skilful blending of really fine ‘high-grown* teas. This peculiar charm of flavour makes it unique among teas and is the secret of its 23 years of increasing popularity.
CHAPTER XXVIII.
NONE SO EASY
' MADE IN CANADA
B 80
INVENTIONS OF PARSONS.
Rev. Alex. John Forsyth Invented the
Percussion Cap.
The case of a clergyman spending hie week-days in a factory making sheila is not nearly eo extraordinary a* some of the newspapers would have us believe. Ever since the olden times when monasteries were the centres of learning, priests have been pioneers In the fields of invention and discovery. Raped ally does this case where warlike things are concerned, says London Answers.	,
Strange as it may seem, members of the Church stand la the front rank of the Inventor» of weapons of destine-
German Scldim. CWajth. Sinking	iJSSSfijSi
of the Lusitania.	ja correspondent mentioning that nekt
A private in the Cameron High* year will be the centenary of the Inlanders who has been through the | vention of the percussion lock, wtiicâ
fighting from the beginning till ajfeW[ days ago says:—	»
The Camerons were at Givenchy when the great liner (Lusitania) was
m the
THE BITTEREST MEMORY.

Most of us looked as if we wished we had thought of this admirable idea.
I
“I
superseded the flint lock, and was the discovery of a Scottish minister, Lb# Rev. Alexander John Forsyth.
Likewise, although the origin of gun.,	, ^ _	.	.	__powder la wrapped la mystery, two
torpedoed. The German tranches were ^mn are given the credit for Its dieoov»
well within 200 yards of the British ^ and both were monks. One was lines, and it happened that there were pri&r Baoon, who can, without fear of many English-speaking Germans op- contradiction, be called' the father of posed to the Highland regiment Time British scientific research. He un-and again there had been much doubtedly knew how to make gunpow-chaffing between the lines. When d«-r, but never reaJIied the ueee to
The Camerons the majorlty ^ authorities.
^ U	As might be expected, however, th«
cheering from the German trenvhvH ^^de of the Church show Mttle appre-when the news came In, and there was elation for the cleverness of Its mem-much speculation as to what had bers when directed towards Improving happened. The Scots were not left the machinery of destruction. This in doubt for long. “Hi you Scotch, was made apparent a year or two ago what about your Lusitania now? We when an IUlWtn mon* Invented an au-	WVffiSîâair
Government but hi# superiors ordered him to destroy the désigna of such a
murderous	WÊÊÊSÊÊÊKM
that, however, he abandoned his monastic aux* r, and it is quite possible that It his invention Justifies the sacrifice he made tot it, we may get strlk* proofs of its destructiveness in the present wfJr.
That
“Er, what did your wife say?” asked Perkins.
their head-quarters, heard burst after burst of exultant
was a
crons’ trench, and then with a yell a number of the men, with bayonets fixed, jumped for the parapet of the trench, and were about to dash to certain death in an attempt to vent their rage upon thf sneering enemy. Fortunately, the incensed Highlanders were at once observed by their officers, and a sharp order brought the angry company raging into their
who had experienced the worst that the war has revealed in German treachery and diabolical ingenuity, and of one af them at least It is true that the bitterest memory of the war is not of the use of poison gas or burning liquid, or even of the murder of wounded. It is the memory of the enemy cheering and exulting over the destruction of a passenger ship, and the drowning of many women and children.
Rather than do
pen.
“I wish And
\
m l
lug
T
Reformed.
“How is Dick getting along with the woman that married him to reform him?”
“She has reformed him, all right*
“Sure enough?”
“You bet Before he was married he used to be as good as a meal tickel for me, but when I met him yesten day and tried to borrow a five, h< made me pay back a tenner I owed him.”
Amongst them were men
-+
BRITISH NAVAL POWER.
4’
z
file to the Allies.
«
r
>7\
Choice Fruit Deserves
< V
3
\
\
1
Z>
>

German flag.
But for the British naval power, instead of the siege being laid to Tsing rel Tau, the GernAn China Squadron 'I could have a free hand against the
It would
<
CHERRY JELLY
rtcfpa of Charles Prnn-catelll. Chief Cook to Queen Victoria. Published in 1563.
Clean 2 lbs cherries and s handful of red currants, and bruise stones and kernels In s
EXTRA
GRANULATED
Sugar
mortar : place In small preserving pan with 1 lb. John Kedpeth a sugar loots and b
pint spring-water ; boll on the stove-fin about five minutes, taking <~are to remove scum aa
to preserve its luscious flavor for the winter days to
For over half a century	has been the favorite sugar in
Canada for preserving and jelly-making—and with good reason. Because it is absolutely pure and always the same, you c an use it according to your recipes, year after year, with lull confidence in the results.
F mit put up right, with	Extra GranuL
atec* Sugar, will keep as long as you wish, and
JÉLav w^cn opened a month or a year hence will tfi taSfcjt delight you with its freshness and flavor.
"Let	sweeten it”
J Get your supply of sugar in Original REDPATH Packages, and thus be sure of the genuine— \\SJ	Canada99 favorite sugar, at it§ beet.
Wun	P»t up in 2 and 5 lb. Sealed Cartons and in
10, 20,50 and 100 lb. Bags.
CANADA SÜCAt REFINING CO.. LIMITED, MONTREAL
come.
It rues Î pour Into • beaver
telly-bet end filter In ueuel wey, cUrtfied0* Wl,k	ounces
Into Jars or mould.
I

»

r
After eleven months of war there
\\
drew back under the she!- ing evidence of the triumph he felt doorway and shivered.	in her position. But the burden of is not
H II ta it that he had dene?	her physical weight grew too great Europe___________ I JH I J
For the first time in years the en- at last, and he placed her upon the the North there is net a single ormity of his sin seemed to strike— filthy * perhaps because he had added to it could this crowning disgrace.
He had foully besmirched the char- .................... —----* ----- „	,,	.
acter of his own child, his Ailsa, the her, fashioning their future life, per- by submarines, but when they reflect
fairest, purest flower that ever bios- haps, in his own evil mind, a life In that not a single transport, store somed in the filth and mire of poilu-	which God played no part, judging by
tion. He had no regrets fur the blows	Ihe cynical curve of his licentious
that he had struck her, for the want	lips; but he seemed to have forgotten
and deprivation that he had caused	time, ior as the moments rolled by litheut military	importance.
her; but under all that temptation she	and Dowd Valworth did not return,	m,,,tAry	*	_____
had remained good, and pure, and no apprehension disturbed him. true, and he would as soon have Once he laid the tips of his dirty thought of doubting the purity of God fingers upon her white cheek, noting a.x to have doubted her now. yet he the difference with a smile of amuae-
ot place, but '
HH jpfciotsoeleaa
I He aroused himself with a heavy „	. ^ .. a .	.
in all those long, sigh by and by, and went to the win- At dentist to hi< assistant.
h	with Aat daw to look out	“Why?”
re It was so much above the ground,
however, that he could see nothing scions?”



a German port outside of Europe. Except in the Baltic and on
ter of the
What warn it that he
'/ 1
i>

!

filthy bed that would have revolted her she have looked upon it with sensible eyes
Again he stood, looking down upon
ship able to sail under the German flag. Short-sighted people are hyp-n<>t izf<î by the incessant torpedoing


140
V
m

in

y


:
ship, or modern warship, has been torpedoed they are forced to admit that the German submarine action la
<


vA









F








i
A Pussier.
The type of youth who indulges in loud clothes and a hat forced beck over his ears dropped yito the dental chair.	. ,,	*1	1
“I’m afraid to give him gaa," said



:i
I


hfid lied—upon his own child! Lied ment, strangely out of to save himself, and accomplish the otherwise he was as ¦ i rf m man whom he knew to be she. stard and a scoundrel!	'
For th first fi»*'
¦	hated
t >.9i



• d
i
erftf

ill
“How can I tell when he a
iy Nueh self

###PAGE###7###
LIONEL WALTER
ROTHSCHILD
CANADA'S FIRE LOSS
WHERE ARE YOU, GOD?
!
WAR AND THE BELLS
,/
i
In Excens of That of Any Country In
the World.
The following poem was written by Annotated With the Hour of Nation-ZiiHie Jams, the American actress,
I after the sinking of the Lusitania, and recited in London:
al Triumph and Disaster
At a recent meeting of the Berlin, Ont., Board of Trade the following facts were brought out in a resolution placed on record :
The fire loss per capita in Canada is greatly in excess of that of

When, more than a century ago,
Where are you, God, in whom I have neW8 reached England of the Battle believed ?	i of Traf algar and the death of Nelson
Arc you in heaven, have I been de- in the hour of victory, the bells of ceived?	Chester Cathedral flung abroad peal
I can’t believe you sit up there and after Pval of air borne triumph; but look down on us all	after every Peal, deeply, solemnly,
Seeing the horrors on this earth, see- mournfully, the greatest bell tolled ing the brave men fall.	once, a single booming note of grief.
I'm praying to you; are you there? I Hells *or many centuries have been Can you hear me call? Where are intimately associated with the hour you, God ?	national triumph and disaster
Belgium, famous as a land of bells
Where are you, God? in whose hands amJ carillona, the ancient tocsin of the great world	| Antwerp, cast in 1316, and named the
Is like a tiny ball that can be turned “Horrida,” has been long disused; it and twirled.	did not, in this year of battle, cry
I can’t believe that you have seen the aloud the city’s danger or proclaim its things that they have done.	*a,l\ ItH younger comrade, the Santa
With poisoned gas and crucifixions Maria» which first rang in 1467 on the battles have been won.	entry of Charles the Bold into the
Get after this upon your earth, there ^ty, was also silent, and so was the still exists the Hun.	favorite Carolus, the gift of the Em-
Where are you, God?	peror Charles V., richly cast of cop-
per, silver, and gold
/•
PREFERS ZOO TO HIS FATHER’S
FORTUNE.
Mi
K
I'i
%
any
other civilized country in th*- world,
New Baron Showed So Little Interest and our national position in this regard is constantly becoming worse instead of better, until at the present time our Canadian fire losses, in proportion to population, are approximately six times greater than those of Great Britain, France, or Germany, with a correspondingly high rate 'of insurance premium; and in the past ten years the average annual loss in ten Canadian cities from Halifax to cents per head as against an average annual loss of $3.66 per head in ten aCndian cities from Halifax to
ÉSKg EPSiS
mËÜ ###....................—
animal, at Tring, in Hertfordshire,	Menace'
partnership in the immensely power- . p, .p ? •	1 g efIU»lly true house hold insects arè the most per-
ful House of Rothchild to his second ^apg |egg than lhalf *0/^ Hte*1 annual 8*8*cnt hearers of typhoid and ma- That.the idea of marriage reminds
losses directly or indirectlv resulting ^ . . .	others besides Anglo-Saxons of the
It was the new baron who acquired fron^ fire tv :	», reorienting „« We have Iong dreaded the mosquito launching of a ship on a sea appears
an island in the Pacific Ocean for the in the ’ of European countries on and fly as pe™°nal unuisance8» but from the habit of the Tagbanuas, a sole purpose of breeding giant tor- the one hand as a nation of inren- ,n®ver more* That ^ey are a pos- people that are scattered over the toises of which the Tring zoo boasts diaries and on the other nhwnlute ltlve mcnace to the human race bas Calamianes group of the Philippine some remarkable specimens. He it incompetents and fullv authorizing rUt rec®ntIy been fully shown. And Archipelago. They, too, have looked was who issued a wonderful book on the verdict that the mult i« not nnlv I now,t tho8e conversant with their upon the ocean, with its calms and its extinct birds a few years ago, which a national criminal waste but also methods are determined that they storms, its ebbs and floods, its power It cost $100,000 and many years of “burning shame ” ' should be fought out, starved out, ex- and its uncertainties, and have I
“*10******,r “r“	•'«—im.“Z"“*'“”“™““h“-
than Canada’s the National Fire Pro Bnd W*en eithcr tyP^old or malaria Accordingly, the agent who carries
tectlon Association of that country *xiet8 a neighborhood the common the initial proposal from the hopeful WHEN ARE YOU HAPPIEST?
hTs LentTnort referred to S I h°Uee */. »t«nd, ready to carry the youth to the hoped-for young lady, or	-
1 “reckless and unceasing waste” as an 23?° and ita niusicalcousin the other, rather from the father of the one to Result of Observations of Men and Impoverishment^* the nation” IThc »urest to *«"P out the dis- the father of the other, is called, “The
SWSÏfppP ### g##:::
The Canadian Commission of Com- % »	^	^ the appointed tune and place, i„ my happiest five minutes!” is a ‘or*ea ,of ^ great Duke of Marl-
EHHrHCz E	'x:i	5-ti
duction of foreat fire, along our	^ 'f T'f’ he send“ 8 f,f°"d He who votes for the after-break- cames a patr,otlc ,n8Cr‘Ptlon-
„.... _...mmm
mimm
good film owing to the vegetation, use ,ral battle». _	eat" “Alcohol in bread?" said on» U«t, but not least, hi* hr
V

I X\
in Finance Was Left Only
*
$25,000 a Year
1
m*

l
II
4^
Would you sacrifice an inheritance of $50,000,000 for the love of a few bugs and animals? Would you be chasing tare specimens of zebras and ostriches and fleas about the world when a few hours a day spent in chasing the elusive dollar in London would have assured you a fortune that would make all except a handful of men throughout the world jealous ?

I
In
1
t
I
it.

/


%
i J

I
A I

THC MO£>£Rrt WARR/OP's £QUfPM£rtT. fR£NCP SOLO/£RS /N R£SP/RA TOGS A*Q OV£RALLS.
Perhaps,
Where are you, God, in whom I put R°Iand» the great bell of Ghent, they
only sound for victory.
The Belgian bells are, many of them, among the finest products of Your mighty sea they’ve turned into the great bell founders, when their a grave,	• art was in its prime, in the sixteenth
A little baby slumbers an each wave, and seventeenth centuries. Few And on the lips of hundreds one word, ^rencb and English bells are as no-“Save!”	table for perfection of tone, but a
Where are you, God?	great many are renowned through
tradition and association. Many of Forgive me, God, if I have doubted the most famous French bells, like
Jacqueline of Paris and George For in my heart I know what you will d’Ambois of Rouen, were melted down
for gun and metal during the Revolu-Quite soon I feel you’ll give us our re- tion. Of the English bells, many bear lease;
Quite soon in your own way you’ll tell famous persons or events.
us, “Cease!”	A Royalist village bell, of the period
And with one mighty stroke you will °f the Civil Wars, thus proclaims its
association with the execution of Charles I, for which it tolled to its ELSIE JANIS injury, and the restoration of Charles ------	II, which it was repaired to celebrate:
my trust?
You must be there, and you are great and just.
TWIN DISEASE BEARERS
be kept free of mosquito larvae by stocking with fish
Native minnows
--*------
THE CAPTAIN OF THE SHIP
How Matrimony is Conducted Among
the Tagbanuas.
son
you,
do
inscriptions connecting them with
send Peace,
For you are there!
seen
Enthusiast in Fleas
?
He it was who sent a scientist to the Cannibal Islands to ransack them at the risk of his life for rare specimens of beasts, birds, and bugs and | « who offered $5,000 for a perfect specimen of the Arctic flea and actually paid that sum for a rare butterfly from Eucador, and whose collection of such strange things as birds of paradise, baboons, and deep sea Ashes is known to be unique.
It has been common knowledge for years that the new head of the Rothchild family knew little and cared less about the ins and outs of the famous banking business in New Square. It is hard, however, to imagine a Rothchild without at least some aptitude for the business of money getting, and they were probably wrong who fancied that when the Hon. Walter came to St. Swith-in’s lane It was to buy a Himalayan bear, a wildcat of a rather expensive hawk eagle.	/
But few persons outside of the Rothschilds family could have anticipated the bombshell of the late Lord Rothschild’s will, for out of his enormous fortune, the heir to the title received a legacy of only $26,000 a year, or exactly one-half of what he 1» said to spend yearly in the upkeep of his famous zoo (his mother received $500,000 in a lump).
When that my Hinge he suffered I lost my tonge, as he hys Head. When that my Hinge returned to reigne
I found my Voyse to ringe againe.
Their Habits."
First is my note and Blenheim is my name
For Blenheim's story will be sung in fame.

So proclaims the first bell; the last concludes the exultant peal:
The immortal praises of Queen Anne I sound
When union blest, and all these - glories round.
Old Boston possesses one of the
Has Other Millions
not
tie
MEAT AND MEN
vexes
Big Bread Eaters Are of Dominating
Character.
The succulence and flavor of a joint of meat depend not only upon
+
Thoughts of the Day
He who loves not his country cancarefuI cooking, but to an even great
; er degree on what the animal was fed
firmed bachelor
Butterflies and Guns
In a recent lecture on modern artil-
>
ter
Fat
flora
of the party incredulously “Sure!" ! are of a dominating character, and ha-said Mr. Chambers. “Didn't you ever [ com* natural leaders.
Use men get intoxicated f ing toasts?”
+
*
larvscide composed of nicotine solu lion to kill the wrigglers.
Of Good T
Ev( n a politician objects to be-
bmAM
Whrn looking for lodgings a
man
that has a
To-day, the wheat-eating nations lead the rest!
drink
pull
| a high
out
V
###PAGE###8###
Tie Simile Boot ail Shoe Store
THE 1913 CENTRAL CANADA
EXHIBITION
ïw] OTTAWA
New Styles
Harvest Mitts j
EXHIBITS
FROM HOME
IN PRIZES
FARM AND
10,000
A nioe assortment of the latest styles in
September 10*18
FACTORY
Men’s and Youths’ Hats
DISPLAYS
Dont
forget the old reliable place where you always get good values for your money in Harvest Mitts and
Gloves.
THIS FAIR HAS A NEW $5,000 DOMINION GRANT
at reasonable prices.
all added to utility clashes of horse*. cattle, sheep. »wiiie and poultry
live stock exhibits from Ontario and Quebec. Hor»e Kace*, Baseball Matches, Band Music. Live Stock Parades. I>ay Fireworks. Colossal Midway ; starting and ending on the grounds. William S. Lvckkt, famous* American aviator, in daily
FREIGHT PAID
ou
Something new and up-to date in
Ladies’ Blouses and Collars
ABBOPLANB FLIOHTS I MOST SHOWS
will be found at
Presenting the eighth wonder of tiik world “ THK BIRTH OF A NATION "
(inttith’s Stupendous $500,000 Motion Picture. Powerful Drama Linking History of American Civil War to Romance. Marvellous display by the International Fireworks Co

E. B. CAYLER’S, PORTAGE DU FORT.
O
Reduced railway rates. General admission 25c. a for #1. tickets on sale in advance. Grand stand seats reduced. Entries close Sept. 8rd. Write for Prize List, entry forms, programme, dollar ticket strips,
information to
*
26 Sparks St., Ottawa.
E. McMAHON, Mgr
Just Received !
A carload of Corrugated Iron Roofing
—which will bo supplied at about old price-.
Roofing and Sheeting of all kinds
CANADIAN PACIFIC BY.
P. E. SMILEY.
Estimate* furnished
Supplied a* customer* may require
HARVESTERS
*2
Furnaces and Bathroom Outfits
Always on hand-
EXCURSIONS
August19th and 26th, 1915
To WINNIPEG
Sunday last at the ripe age of Phv simple gift that lends the touch SO years 7 month* and 7 days of friendship without the embarrass- Mr. Henne-ey tunned and him-mcntot a.n.bligHtvm your vl-tugra,*. beire.l jobbing l<*r Alex H'.i-er,
....
ilSSIliliül
amount that has ever tieendouat- x 1X1 *ll,u*
vd in connection with the Fair.
SHAWVILLE.
GEO. E. WAINMAN
From all Stations In the Provinces of Ontario and Quebec, Kingston, Sharbot Lake, Renfrew and East.
No exchange of cars between the Fast and the Canadian West. No customs examinations No immigration inspection.
For information apply to nearest Van. Pac. Agent or to K. J. Hebert. 1st A**t. G. P. A., Montreal.
Shawville Fair
The soils are well and favorably known throughout the Ottawa
WED. THURS. FBI.
September 8, 9, 10, 1915.
The farmers along the front of \ alley Clarendon, in the Austin and Zion Mr. Hennessey s death removes section*, had a visitation of hail one of the old land marks that during the thunderstorm of Sun- time i* *o iclentlessly blotting out. day afternoon, which ditl consider- In politics he was a staunch t on-able damage to the crops, some sei vative, in religion, a Methodist, grain fields, it is reported, being! Few men were more highly es-
pretty badly cut up.	teemed by those who knew him
The iviw u.t or shawville p.ir;	"iL“ ftS* In Quebec, offers $75.00 to be divided into seven
September 8th, 9th, and 10th, 1015 quarrel” he ware kindly, generous lias been received, and distributed and charitable. Everyone needing to all the members who have their assistance could rely on Martin subscription paid for 1015.	I'm*- Hennessey. He lived an honest,
pective members are requested to honorable life and died respected call or write to the Secretary, Rnd beloved by all. What more K. W. Hodgins, Shawville, Que. can be said of any man ? for a Prize List.	Hi* funeral which took place
yesterday (Tuesday) was very largely attended, not only by his immediate friends and neighbors, but many persons of prominence from the neighboring and remote parts of the Ottawa Valley were piesent to pay their last tribute of respect —Pembroke Standard.
A Special Prize of $75 for Clover.
The Honorable, the Minister of Agriculture,
prizes, on plots of clover one acre, suitable for seed purposes. Competitors must be members of
the Pontiac Agricultural Society No 1, and pay entry fee of 50 cents. Entries to be received up to August 15th Further particulars on appli-
an
Let Us Show You a Young Man’s Suit That’ll Please
Lightning Kills Two Men -
During A thunderstorm oil Saturday evening. two I'olander* were killed by lightning in the vicinity of Fort Con longe, and another was severely shocked. It appear* the deceased were of a party of five men who were walking along the road together, when the storm broke, and they took shelter under a large pine tree. A bolt ot lightning struck the tree with the sad result above noted. The men killed
Wasil Makowijruk. aged
cation
R. W. HODGINS, Secretary
Tool or Talisman?
Mary Pert—Thank goodness I have • perfect complexion. Kitty Kntt—But yon carry a hare's foot Just for luck.— Judge.
Card of Thanks
Caretakers Wanted


We, the undersigned desire to express our nvmt sincere thanks and gratitude for the kindly acts and manifestations of sympathy destowed upon us by many friends during the recent great Affliction which it became • 11 lot t » I" <i tl
loving father.
Mu*. Alfred MvrphyhiiI Family Vharteris, Aug. 7, 191.%.
Tenders will l*e received up till two
of the gist instant, for
o'clock, p. in	...
the sweeping and dusting daily, tiring when nuyded, and scrubbing at least four times during school year, of the fourteen Schools of the Municipality of Clarendon.
were : - ...	,
40, married, wife and children in
Austria ; George Pelowics, aged 2*>.
Babe as Recruiting Agent.
Missionary wofk being carried by the Mississauga Horse in recruiting visits to various parts of Toronto and to neighboring towns Is winning They opened a recruiting of-
at Norway, where
<K We talk of a suit that's smartlooking, and that’s sensible look-
The soft roll collar of this
on
f a devoted husband and kind
A Bulletin on Swine Raising
m. a. McKinley,
Asst. 8ec.Treat.
The second edition of Bulletin No. 17 of the Federal live stock branch, entitled Swine Husbandry in Canada, has been issued, and be hail on application to the
l ¦ Branch of the Department of Agriculture at Ottawa. The interest in Swine Raising stimulated, no doubt by the high values of pork products, made such a demand for information oil this subject that the first edition printed last year was quickly exhausted. This edition brings up to date Statistics with respect to l>edigree registration and the trade in hog products. It i* shown that the total ex|H>rt* for the fiscal year ending March 31st amounted to |33,NS,519 lbf* a* against 27.531,140 lbs. the previous
This bulletin covers tin-
many
flee Wednesday they obtained the use of the parish •choolbouse of St. John s ( hurch,
Rev. W. L. Baynes-of the regiment,
i
mg.
suit becomes increasingly popular with a large number of young men. This particular style unites with the soft roll, the peaked lapel, and the vest to show above the coat
Shawville, August 6, 1915
whose rector Reed. Is chaplal and expects to go wtih it overseas. Most persuasive of the Mississauga»’ recruiting officer- there was his little four-year-old daughter, an enthusiastic supporter of her daddy’s regiment, who patrolled Woodbine, avenue in patriotic attire w.th a vigilant eye for prospective recruits. Thî rcsulU proved satisfactory.
SCOBIE HOUSE
LONG HAIR AND LONGEVITY.
&
ma
l'u
îcation*
A Theory That There May Be Some Relation Between Them.
Did it ever occur to you that there was any relation between a fine, bushy head of white hair and the long life of the owner?
_	,	1 believe that 1 can claim without
hvery 1 liesdav and Ihursuay. fear of successful refutation that a
NORWAY BAY

MOVING PICTURES
(dance after)
very large majority of men who have
ssisss
easy to recall men who lived to even commissioners of Canada for three greater age than eighty who were year§i He waj bore in Kingston, quite bald.	Ont., and becam a barrister in 1891
Without any attempt at a chronolog- and a King’s counsellor in 1908. He leal list, 1 Jot down a few names that was for a time city solicitor and ( ome to mind ns 1 write: John 1. Blnlr, county attorney of Toronto, but re-
mmm
opening.
y In Scotch, English or Irish tweeds—the new patterns of the new season-one is assured in this design of a fine suit for immediate wear—always tailored-to-measure, when a Hobberlin Suit, and finished in best standards of the House.
A New Knight
who was
1U15
Monday, Wednesday, Friday and Saturday evenings.
Everybody Welcome.
yea i
whole field of swine raiding giving the results of official experiment* well am the jiractices.of ful farmer swine miner*, levelling section describe* the system to feeding hog* in Denmark where combination* of food are prepared according to theii tood unit* in which one pound of grain,—wheat, barley, pe etc.—constitutes one food unit which is equal to 8 lb. mangel», 41b. boiled ; iota toe*, 5 lb. alfalfa, 3 lb. skim milk or 12 lb whey. It is diown that the diet i* varied in a definite way for pig* of different
succe** Au in
corn
m «
He succeeded
hydro-electri< afTaiis Commodore Cornelius \ nnderbilt. New the iate judge Mabee as bead of the
York, founder of the New York Central Railway Board, railroad, eighty three; R*v, Edward j Beecher (brother of Henry Ward), ninety two; Hon. Peter Cooper, New York philanthropist, ninety-three.
It would be easy also to name quite
and other special tie# in general Fruit and Ornamental Nursery Stock.
We offer for the season of MI and 19Ml a *plen lid list of hai for Quebec planting
4
y varieties suitable
Indiana Have Hue Foxes.
The Indians residing near Elk Lake have now in captivity seven fine black foxes, some of them
SOLE AGENT for HOBBERLIN TAILORING
nge*
Liberal commission#. K triad re territory. Handsome free outfit. Write f«n
STONE AND WELLINGTON
! Nursei
(Established Kl7l.
^very****
a number of men who possessed fine ^he most perfect specimens
heads of hair who reached only middle around here. A year ago these would age, hot my purpose is not to be eta
tistical, but rather to possibly start In- ' but at p I	I
burgh i ream.	f0*ec. which had been captured by
residents of 4hc towg.
n
Westmeath Pioneer Dead
Martin II«*nne«*ey was the son of one of the early Ottawa Hirer mgL
He settled on the old homestead at Henne**ey e Bay, \Ve*tm#*ath, where he lived till hi* death
bare brought a large sum of money,
nt the market Is not very
A fo* buyer
ARCHIE DOVER
ONTARIO
TORONTO
Equity /\dvts. Pay.
;
on
,
