###PAGE###1###
1
<
:
<
I
o
No. 4
J3kd Yeah
SHAW VILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE
THURSDAY, JULY 1
1015
«1.00 A YEAIi IN All VAN Cl
The Bank of Ottawa
THE HARDWARE STORE 1
Tl]e Merchants Banl^ of Canada
ESTABLISHED 1874
Head Office : - Ottawa, Canada.
$ 4,000,000 4,978,299 60,000,000

Established 1864
Paris Green..

OFFICERS :
Sir II. Montagu Allan . .. K\ W. IILA
Capital Paid Up
Rest and Undivided Profits
Total Assets over .
PRESIDENT .. . VICE-PRESIDENT GEN. MANAGER
There has been a sharp advance in the price of Paris t
K WKLI.
K. F. Hkbdi S

Paid up Capital...................
Reserve Fund and Undivided Profits Total Assets..............
Board of Directors :
Oreen, at present wholesale price it would have to be sold at
$7,000,000
7,345,140
86,190,400
HON. GEORGE BRYSON
JOHN B. FRASER
President
SIR HENRY N. BATE, DAVID MACLARBN,
RUSSELL BLACKBURN, DENIS MURPHY,
SIR HENRY K. EGAN, HON. SIR GEORGE H. PBRLEY,
R C. WHITNEY.
GEORGE BURN, General Manager. /
Vice-President
We were fortunate in having our .stock ordered early, and can offer our customers
J')C
# #
239 Branches and Agencies in Canada
A SAVINGS BANK ACCOUNT
Of One Dollar ami upwards draws Int
the very best qualities produced at
30c. per pound
It is only necessary to say Bergers in lb. tins.
D. M. FINNIE, Asst General Manager W. DUTH1R, Chief Inspector.
re>t at best current rates
Branches at Shawville and Quyon
ACTING MANAGER,
Fort Coulonge Branch . B. F. CHILTON, Manager. Campbells Bay Branch • R. LEGER. Manager. Portage du Fort Branch - A. H. MULHERN, Manager
W. F. DRUM
Also in stock and now wanted :
FRUIT JARS, Glass and Stone FRUIT JAR Ring’s
PARO WAX, for sealing jars
Please let us have your orders.
!
\
“Business as Usual "j
Births
At Kendal, 8n*k., July 4th, to has rHa^e tlje attendance at the
—' ............° JSWU&U SflOBTflAND SCHOOL
Ottawa,ont. ¦	'	Ottawa, Ont.
On your vacation take h k<nlak with
Brownie Cameras from 91.00 up.
Httttuan film M and suppln ¦¦¦! tvrders promptly attended to.
HENRY’S
you
Mail
H. IMison, King St
| iSESEBF-
Sin
January. 1913, more than 2V> stmlents Inve come to us from other local businea# colleges.
s&nJl^yorRTy
Lamina has never been equaled.
Do not these facts indicate undoubted Kuperority i
Our instruction being individual may begin at any time.
.	.	.	__	tbcl,cst in the history. Why not take
J. H. SHAW.
»

m
a

i. Er^h	4	p'"'3« Sx
together ami not strive to rend l,ruo 18 ,ow* An 8x10 picture for ftOc. and tear down.	H. I m ikon.
immn §msm ,,M_
prove with nge.	\\ inson Hod guts, son of Mr. Jas was in town last Saturday and
imsm	5EF?E5‘i: W miwuB E
i£êm *ip SSS - ieet
for vour continued freedom ? Ask yonr denier to duplicate the Mr. Joseph Smith, of Ottawa	Cor. Bank and Albert Sts.
Think it over. The matter is a IH ,v<‘ (>l tlie strolling merchant or wisr in town for a day ur two last	OTTAWA, ont
very serious one.	agent and see with what alacrity week.	1	,ONT'
_	he will do it and then, don t you \i,. ,inii A v » ,
wT^Js-S ESEBFSë................................
Z^’rZ&.'ÏÏSjgJfâ:	"" '• ^ JSVÆ'JfS«Kîïïflïraï:	“
mer residents of the County, locat- .	visitors at the parental home in
ed principally in the West, have	Dr.jftiivid McFarla ne, son town—Mr. Edward Brownlees. FOR SA LE-A hatch of Chester White
joined the colors, and some have Lapt. McParhmc of the Norway Mrs. Gordon Appleby, who has voung pigs, 3 weeks old. Apply to Jas. already experienced their baptism #elle, and Lieut. I)r. Norman been visiting her parents Mr. and Morr,hon* Shawville of fire. Some are still drilling in Lmee, sein o! Mr. and Mrs. Harry Mrs. Win. C. Hudgins, hn*
ü~ «IS IssiE
Au overflow congregation was	Ottawa Winter Fair <>u months, I'etiirned to her home in
in attendance at St. Paul's church J*nu*ry 18, l».20«nd 21. IttlO. The|Ottawa, Thursday last Sunday evening, the occasion uf Ottawa Winter Fair had a very Mr. Semple, divinity
iW^lilFss iSISEI siüs
the Lord always before program of sport* was carried out Mr8' El Jl, P*?g' °.f " l‘V,,V>Pg' me ; because He is my right hand, h,eluding children's races, girls Accom,ain,ed hy her two children.
1 shall not be moved.	| races, and even the married ladies "ud Mwe 9#ck, Cal,le<?;» J*1»"-
ÊIÊÊÊÊSÊÊÊËËÈÊÊ
Writ# for Free Catalogue
11. (1. XV, Bra mi wait Prin.
you
W. K Gowlino Prin.
1
D. E. HENRY, President. Cor. Bank and Sparks Sts
W. A. HODGINS
Personal
SHAWVILLE
\
<
FIRST OF OUR
SUMMER REDUCTIONS.
Men’s Straw Hats
Lot No. 1. A few left only. All our Hats 35 to 45c.
On sale now for 25c
Lot No. 2. All our regular stock at 50, 75, and 85c.
On sale now for 50c.
Lot No. 3. All our Chips and Sailors, 90c; 1.00,
On sale now for 75c.


J
return

1.35 and 1.75
- ^

«indent. C»a‘ifS-iffsiP.PS|*SD
Contract* made with Municipalities to manufacture Pipe* in their own localitie*. H. T. McDowell & Son. Shawville. Que.
Half a Dozen Genuine Panamas
Our $5.00 special for $3.95
3 only High-Class Panamas $7.00 line
Now on sale at $5.00.

Mias Hazel Rallantyne, daughter of the Rev. George Rallantyne, of Beech Grove, a student of Toronto Conservatory of Music, would be pleased to undertake a class in Piano-forte, and also in Harmony and Rudiments, in Shaw if a sufficient number pf pupils were secured. Anyone so desiring might communicate with the underMis* Rallantyne is a ca|«hle musician, who has hafl the lient and most recent training in music.	j
Wm. B. MidCaLLUM.
Ladies’ and Childrens’ Straws
All our Ladies’ and Childrens’ Regular Millinery Hats at Half Price.
vill
The “Twelfth
About a dozen of our regular Store Stock of Childrens’ Goods, ranging in price from 60c. to $1.00. Come and get your choice quick. Only 26c.
Come and see for yourself our Special July Bargains.
Deaths
ladle*.
Dikij—At Weyburn, Sunk 20th June. William C. Dowd, for-«nel ly of Handley, and a brother of Dr. Ikiwd of Qtiyon, and H. 8. Pte. Brock Walsh has been home Dowd, of Ottawa. Th
on
i
e remains were brought to Kaiilley for interment.
's
W. A. HODGINS


and family


###PAGE###2###
’
“Will you nsk Mise Valworth to come here at once?" exclaimed the doctor.
The maid bowe<] and retired. Neither of the men spoke again, hut Doctor Paxton walked the floor in silence until the maid returned.
“Miss Valworth is not in her room, sir," she said, quietly.
“Then you will find her in Mrs. Dunraven's room."
“She is not there either, sir. Mrs. Dun raven left her room alone this morning, and has not since returned. Her absence alarmed me, and I was after attending to his patient, the doc- about to come to Mr. Dunraven about
Dunraven from the it “
II
1915
*
1854
•'fcOUSuyirlo.l*'
Woman Against Woman

JF you want sugar that is abso-1 lutely pure, and as clean as when it left the refinery, you can depend on getting it in
Original
3iio aH
W
«
icnfiNSSOF:
4

or A Terrible Accusation.

(

%tr


X
•t
?
li
cirages
wm
CHAPTER XXII
>1
tor followed
From a ruddy glow the doctor** face had suddenly changed to a grayish pallor. His hand fell heavily upon Dunraven*» shoulder.
“Come with me!" he gasped.
Dunraven arose. His steps were like those of a drunken man. The blood seemed to have frozen in his
The walls of the Dunraven mansion room had fallen.	.	The younger man threw himself
Nothing remained by which the a *chHir, then lifted his face to mysterious crime could be traced,, ^at of the physician, cold and gray and as Doctor Paxton looked grimly #s granjte upon the huge pile of still smoldering “Doctor,
ruins, his lips drew rigidly.	are things in this world which a man
“Now, how are we to discover, who	mU8^ ^ell to some one, and he natur
placed the mysterious powder upon aUy makes his medical adviser the re- hotly. It is doubtful if he would that landjr.tr, and for whom the cv.‘)tavie 0f an his woes as well as his have been able to follow, but that charge was {.'.tended?" he questioned, innesse8. 1 confess 1 should not tell the compelling hand still lay upon mentallv. “Was it for Lloyd	or	vou thv secret that is wearing me out	his	shoulder*	|	|	¦
A il sa Valworth? 1 am inclined	to	|MM|V and 80Uif hut that some one	They	entered	Ailsa's room first,
believe it was intended for the latter, must know."	It was exactly as it had been—no-
and if my theories are correct, then	hftcd the dump hair from his thing disturbed, not an evidence to
surelv it must have been placed there hrow and sighed. Paxton had not indicate that anything had happened by— I dare not even utter the sus-1 taken u chair, hut stood with his hack —and with a small amount of relief picion to myself, and yet—and yet resting against the marble of the and some hope tugging at his heart, what else is there to believe? NN ho mantel-shelf, looking down upon the | the doctor led the way hurriedly to
dreamed	man whom	known from early	apartment.	.
sation like this coming into the Dun-	i^yhood, aml ioved	even as his own	There was a note lying upon her ,	,	.	,	npHIIIIT	nnrf»0	faces whenever	they saw others read
raven household? I wonder if I dare	writing table, which the ma.d had	ness fur the	wrongs he has	done >ou.	fCDM 11 M	DU L VV	them.
trust Leslie? Trust him with what?	..,t is not 8UCh a	secret as you ini-	overlooked. It was addressed to Dun-	That s what	he told me to	tell you.	ULllUfl/lIl	1 iXlMJU	^ is not the	big papers of inter-
Could I tell him of the foul suspicions {ne Leslie," he said.	raven, and with a hand that trembled,	Oo he continued.)	nnnii MII77I VW\ national repute that exercise the
ssr aftesnu?.f|B	-, -• nfisari&is- ^ .. msnxz ****». HAS BEEN MUZZLED
you are growing a greater fool than ness to the world’" he asked, bitterly, and read:	---- ------------------------------- the smaller towns and ag
a silly, sentimental school-girl. But ..No; but you must remember that	How Kitchener Gathered an Army of	districts it is the local press that
te a&çn 'SMi&ntt z irare	"
neither silly nor sentimental. And deep|y 8orry f0r you, my hoy!	stood between you and happiness? Asserting that Lord Kitchener	T1ZED BY RULERS. • German explanations and German
then	the tableau	that	1	saw.	VN hat	Dunraven covered his eyes with his	My only regret is that you did not tell	raiaed # British army	of 4,000,000	accusations against enemy countries.
and there	had	been	some	means	left	gkastlv calmness that would perhaps	you! I have the letter which was	English journalist, tells	how this was	absurd for its leaders to swallow,
of discovering the bottom of all have been better for him, hut the tone saved from the fire—the letter to Ail- accomplished.	*	People Confident.	Not only is the victorious progress of
this!"	0f sympathy unnerved him. He j sa, you know—to give me courage. I “When the British Secretary of	the German, Austrian, and Turkish
arose* after a time and walked hastily shall read it before the dark waters gtate for War first conceived the idea A journalist belonging to a neutral armjes constantly celebrated, but the up and down the room, then pausing close above my head forever. Be of putting into the Reid four million nation gives this description of the flnaneial# industrial, and social condi-suddenly, he took Docton Paxton s	happy with her, and try to forgive#	men says the articlc	"he realized	manipulation	of information	by	the	tions in Germany are declared to be
can not remain ami control myself as	hoarsely. “The one to death, the	game should be to call	for a million	^ew	”.f_the	war.	Varerul	etuay	oi	dlsturl,ancea among their people are
1 must. 1 confess to you frankly that other—to— Only God knows where!" men, and then press agent the world	different official	1 invented and dwelt upon
if 1 could have persuaded her to go	----- with stories lamenting the fact that	I imagined enabled me to get at
EEpEHg HiEÈiÉEE
rs!%%%&»At EHrErEiFtf s	...
loves only me. I am going. Doctor, that mad first love stood between her dufted on strictly scientific lines. The ent countries. Constant reading oi
. JE	Hnever desert her.! she had no more power of compelling court-martial and jail. I y	distinguish the realities behind news
p this miserable secret from it than she could have controlled the j instructed to publish only the recruit- opinions, and had made me proof reaching her, if that he possible. I ocean’s tide.	mg returns sent out by the XNur	"atmosphere " After a month
3SK &Æ! assis	:Z :F- FtFB
could have happened; hut now, I It was still early, perhaps seven cautions v taki to	being influenced by the German war
don’t	quite	know.	You	accuse	your-1	o’clock.	A	few flakes	of	snow	were	spies. The regiments were not an	atmosphere The confidence of the	„ t 0 e„
self of	cowardice,	but	I	am	perfectly	swirling	through the	air	with	rapid	transported from Southampton to	je jn the invincibility of their	at Charlottetown, P E L, the St. Vin-
aware that if there is anything to be gyration.	Boulogne or Havre. Instead they armieg the smooth working of the cent de Paul.
done, there is no braver man than The fire had gone out and the wind were shipped from what were really -	•	..	,	, t ,	Fredericton is sending Italian re-
:
to to French ports ss far from the firing dai,y outpourings of the press, the the forces locally to be keen and all line as St. Malo, Brest, and v\vn Bor-	con^emporury literature—everything,	details up to strength,
deaux on the west coast and Mar-	jn shor^ combined to entice me into	Hop Lee, Chinese laundryman, at
seilles on the Mediterranean.	a different mood. This strange in- St. John, was fined $400 for having
“Troop trains . were invaria > > fluence grew stronger as the weeks opium in his possession, moved at night with drawn blinds.	wen^ yy My previous conceptions	The Women’s Institute of New
The engine drivers were changed ^ WBr news, of positions, and condi- Brunswick will give a motor ambu every twenty miles or so, and the j tiong a]ong the ^onts	¦ "¦¦¦
captain of the troop ships received	^em, and of the general outlook for
their final instructions by wireless	future underwent a perceptible	companion from drowning in the
after they had put to sea.	change. I began to understand the Kennebeccasis at Norton, N.B.
workings of the German mind, which The Chalmers Reddens Mill and had before seemed mysterious to me. wood working factory at Kentville, It became possible to gauge the soul N.S., was burned to the ground, of the people and to comprehend to The variety troupe from the war-some extent their confidence, their ship Leviathan aided a Halifax enter-outward unanimity, their spirit of tainment for the Red Cross Fund, self-sacrifice, and their faith in their Playing war with stones, Louis
Hendry, of St. John, was severely m-The chief agency in the creation of jured and taken to the hospital, this state of mind, apart from the Jimmy Murphy, one of the best direct influence of the thorough mill- hockey players in Halifax, is now pri-tary organization of the State, is the soner with the Canadians in Germany, shrewd management of the press. It Moose are reported plentiful along will be remembered that, on the out- the western shore of the St. John break of war, the whole German press River, between Fredericton and Gage* was turned against England over night.

!

2-lb. and 5-lb. Sealed Cartons. 10, 20, 50 and 100-lb. Cloth Bags.
"Canada’s favorite Sugar for three Generations
;
m
$
there
he said, huskily
*»$
uri
as

¦
MONTREAL
CANADA SUGAR REFINING CO., LIMITED. •

123
i • llll
« •

with
1
He turned about and walked slowly in the direction of the hotel, considering deeply, hut was no nearer the solution of his mystery when he arrived there than he had been when leaving that morning. As he entered the room where he had left Lloyd, he found Dunraven and Muriel there.
He could not prevent a slight shudder as he glanced into the countenance of the girl, but she was as
said, hastily, that 1 should

From the Ocean Shore
How is he?" the doctor asked hur
BITS OF NEWS FROM THE MARITIME PROVINCES#
riel
“Slightly feverish, I should say," answered Dunraven, wearily. “When you have seen him, I should like to talk with you a moment, Doctor. Will you come to my room ? "
“Yes, I have engaged a professional nurse
an hour. In the meantime give him something t sleep. Muriel, you will wait here until I return?"
He forced himself to turn and look at her. There was a curious exprv>-
her face which he could She merely bowed, and
remain you will be near my Ethel at all times. Kee
Items of Interest From Places Lapped lly Waves of the
Atlantic.
She will be here in half
1 shall make him
New lighthouses are being built at Alma, Herring Cove and Paint Wolf River.
A new orphanage has been opened
not
sioti upon understand
f
really need you
alone to Miss Valworth, but to Ethel placed, yet was utterly unable
think connectedly.
She was aroused at last by a gentle
;
and Lloyd as well.”
“I confess I don’t understand you
“And I may as well announce the tap upon the door, and lifting her fact now as later, that I don’t in the hand with a helpless motion, she push-least understand it myself, but there ed the hair back from her brow be-is at the present an impenetrable fore replying:
m\ stery hanging over this family. It “ me in!”	___
I .‘gZnot the fire which caused Lloyd The door was opened by one of the the loss of his sight, but a discharge hell-boys of the hotel, of powder upon the landing of the “Some one called to see you, Miss stairs. Now, who placed that pow- Valworth—a boy/’ der there, and why? Lloyd was out “A boy to see me?” she returned, of the house at the time of the fire, some wonder forcing itself into the
the charge
ed for another member of the family T
missed its aim. The person w ho pH H laved the powder there fired the completed, the boy had forced his way ouse. The walls have fallen. There beyond the servant, and had entered is not a trace left by which the crim- the room. The servant retired at inal can be discovered. What do you once. The bov stood there turning understand from the situation?" his hat in his hand in an embarassed Dunraven had sunk hack in his way, looking at the girl before him. chair, his face grown paler, his jaw Then slowly Ai Isa rose, slightly dropped.	I “Why, Joe!” she exclaimed, “I have
“Go on!” he exclaimed, hoarsely. “I seen so few people from the old life am not capable of connected thoughts, that 1 had almost forgotten you.”
Do you think that murder was in- “An’ I—I hardly kmowed you, Miss tended?"	Ailsa, in all this finery. My! But
“That is what lean not quite decide you struck it rich, ain’t you? We in my own mind. The wonder is that often wondered what took you away, Lloyd did not fall there with his mother’n me, but I reck in we'd go too burden, and so perish in the flames! if we could feather our nests like I have not the faintest idea, however, this. What a pretty dress that is! I that the charge was intended for reckin I here ain’t none o’ the swells him."	that kin take the shine outen you."
and behind lance for service in the war.
Willie Steele rescued his 16-year-old
was

An Adventure in Flanders
. “Who is it?
His name i But before the sentence could be
Two French soldiers, half famished after an engagement in which they had been separated from their regiment, came to a darkened farmhouse, and knocking at the door, begged for food, says T. P.’s Journal The woman who opened the door was inhospitable. “There is no food in the house,” she said. In war time abrupt refusals excite suspicion. The officer forced his way into the house and began to search it. Presently he and his corn-reached the stairs that led to

E
leaders
Home
Jam-Makers
This hint may Save your Jam !
pan ion
the cellar, and here the woman tried to bar their progress. One of the soldiers tells what followed:
“Obliged by threats to give way, we that she was trembling in every
town
A Japanese Coal Wagon.
A coal truck is unknown in Japan. It would be a nine day'a wonder in the Flowery Kingdom. People would pay admission to see it, for they have seer coal hauled only by hand. The coal is put in baskets that hold about fort; pounds, and so handled and delivered The baskets are piled on a two-wheel ed wagon, and two men with ropes round their shoulders pull the wagor to the house of the rich person whc can afford to buy coal. Then the) carry the coal in, dump it out of the baskets, and carefully carry back the baskets.
The men wear white cloths ovei their heads to keep the dust out ol their hair and to protect their head: rfom the sun.
The coolies who pull the load do no! wear wooden shoes; they wear a cloth shoe called a tabi.
Press Influenced
Twenty-four hours after having
saw
limb. She kept at a distance from us, praised the vigorous efforts of Great and asked us to go down without her. Britain to prevent war, it denounced
No matter how fresh your berries, nor how thoroughly the Jam Is cooked, nor how clean the jars are, preserves are absolutely sure to spoil If the sugar used contains organic matter,—Impurities—many sugars do—
Home Jam makers should profit by the experience of others and insist on being supplied with
“Who then?”	! Ailsa looked down at her pown and
“That I can not answer.”	smiled wistfully, remembering how -	. , . c. r, . J ¦
“But you suspect?”	little	she	had considered it. It was But that would not do, and she had to Sir Edward Grey as the moving spirit
“Do not you?”	only the one she had fallen asleep in go first down the stairs. The cellar in a conspiracy to assail Germany.
“You mean Ailsa?”	the night of the fire. How little grati- was large and spacious, well stocked None but distorted views from abroad
“Who else ? ”	tude she had had, and how much she with bins, some full, others empty. were allowed to be published. The
“Good gracious! You believe there owed those people into whose life she	the end was a smaller cellar, German people were told only what
was a plot to murder her?”	had brought so much of sorrow and cloBed by a heavy door
gksasss "E—
to ri(kt, gome Investigation but as I the single person whom she could call Striking a barrel, the lieutenant de- on in neutral countries in the same tell you the walls have fallen” friend, and he observed that there ciared it was full. At that moment sense. The “neutral" opinions thus *	’	'	were tears in them.	the woman sprang at us, and, over- inspired were reproduced in Germany
“Ah, there you are going further , *'Inar” af,a,<1 1	< "nsidcrcd the throwing us, tried to escape.	tt8 evidence that impartial . foreign
than I can answer even to you,” re- swells, as y < »u ca 11 t hem, very little, ,«Ag j pursued her, she ran upstairs opinion supported the German view.
IwmmmmmmËmm
moned her to see Lloyd. But why ca»f & tel1 J°" something, but wus M,n the meantime my companion communiques are now regularly print-should she have slept through a con- *?	P 1 vyouL ' approached a cask of unusual size, cd *n lsrger newspapers, and are
fusion which aroused the rest of the n*n 1 hrt<1 t,m*tu th,nk uv ,l *ei fa" which was apparently empty, when a frequently criticized in the communi-household ? She is usually a singu-j1	man jumped out, revolver in hand. cations from the German headquar-
¦mm mrnM\mwm. mmi
- ~ - mi ip^ mmm m§F*r
The word was little more than a ^HvThswl"	tn# '! r,\ j°umaU. They were also
to be bought in the newspaper kioeks
of the large towns. No remarks
ncD
I took a it was desired they should* believe.
information was


Eintru Granulated Sugar
which has always, and for many years, given satisfaction.
It feet» pure and is refined exclusively f
1
avoid mistake* snd strur# sbacîuta clesnMness sndcorrsct wetehts—2 lb.
• i
J
b. carte .s: 10. 20. 25 sri
an and font choice of three

• s
fine, medl
ra

ST. L
( I
JJ
my
new#
I
8 I
worth and que There may he po remember under would otherwise man remain
He warn answered by a simple nod f the head, and ringing a private bell, he summoned Mrs. Dunraven’»
maid.

IS!
a
Geiman and



a

gBSP
“Yea’m The doctor may# he can’t live out the day. He wants to see too before he dies, and beg yer forgive-
The British Empire possesses over
eleven thousand merchant ships.
noticed a pitying
i
###PAGE###3###
1

1
<
I
i™EHSE »«“» Mr tlai-ed oJZZ nr,” ™
£rss M, 3 r	New Brunswick Lady!
the motive was apparently robbery,	-- ”5ten '°“0W8 the explosion of shell
inasmuch as his pockets ha.I been Wla Reetored to Her Anxious Family | thf resu‘t apparently, not of direct pulled inside out, they sent their When H°P« Had Gone. injury, but of concussion. According
««• w r - I	I mm I BHHS EfISIS 2 ' PIS||S
c*nts to take prompt steps. Delay Mj	minute search of every inch of the *mI Sidney trouble begun years ago. ["""f'ousness he finds for a time
means danger—perhaps consumption.	/ U	I	area within the circle. Nothing was , r *,x J"*™ lhat dull gnawing pain he ,s "llnd- Aft*r » few days, how-
ihe girl in her teens cannot develop I	I	apparently too small or trivial to es- U,H been Present. When I exerted f.ver» he hnd* that he can distinguish
into a happy, robust woman without I	I	cape observation The corpse was n,ys*!,f 11 waH terribly intensified. If 1 JiKht from darkness, and that he
im	ml	wmwmwm,
headaches and backaches. When I	T	confusing. Armed with their mens- been ln*ttUed into my blood cheek» 1 . audd®n’. sevel[e ahock ,Jhe con"
BlKmHE flUi E~$5*5S?iSsSff5S?i?2z
wm\ B Bsmpiisr
tractive, are constantly recommend- I	I revolver. He was unknown, with For many long, long years
ing Dr. Williams’ Pink Pills to their I	nothing on him to identify him di- We toiled as pioneers
suffering sex. Miss Edith Brousseau,	U rectly or indirectly.	When prowling wolves that roamed
Savona, B.C., says: “At the age of I " g!ll llllll]lllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll|^ I Did the detectives stop work? Not the woods
fourteen I became very anaemic. I I	I	at all. First they measured the soles Filled our youthful hearts with fears,
was as pale as a ghost, suffered from I /jE	||	of the man’s shoes. Then they photo- When their savage eyes were seen
headaches, severe palpitation of the I	\ f| graphed them. Then they did what Through the shanty logs between
heart at the slightest exertion. I had I	I an outsider might seem the most ab- Where they howled in the woods till
little or no appetite, and seemed to 1	XSr 'r\	I surd thing of all; they photographed
be drifting into a decline. I was at-	the burnt stub of the match which
S?S'— F"»'k L.* Bi.d	“kt"
to stop. I did so and took his treat- Mile. Helene Dutrieu, twenty-five, Meanwhile the plain-clothes men The endless struggle that seemed The Cost of a Long Tail.
Ilw ilfISi *18 Bill
f ,vfneaU? *lnc.e' "we U a" t0 the aeroplane in the war. For her one of the prisoners which to the de- From Scotland’s heather hills,	here:	Rates-Horses	with a long tail, Droggisu or Mari* Eye Utmtty Ce.. Ctica*
-m H P1”k	„ , dar,nf ,n .m!k‘nglkn,tht fl,vghrtS’ "he tec‘lves aecmed °f extraordinary im- From her bonny winding rills,	fifty	centimes a day. Horses with «¦	¦
These Pills are sold by all medicine was decorated by the French Govern- portance ; a paper block of matches! Where the mavis on the hawthorn long tail 1 franc.” dealers or may be had by mail, post ment with the Legion of Honor. Apparently they had been looking for y^y
paid, at 50 cents a box or six boxes Three times while the Germans were it, and they did to it what they do to Her lovely note nweetlv trills for $2.50 from The Dr. Williams’ advancing on Paris she warned the almost everything at the Berlin po- \ye came across the S(^	'
Medicine Co., Brockville, Ont.	French of the approach of the German lice headquarters—they photographed por we wprp vmin_ nm, f ’
aeroplanes. She was not a member it!	And gî.dsome" are^he thought, of
life’s morning.
WHY YOUNG GIRLS GROW PALE AND WEAK
/
EAR

T
The Blood Supply Is Deficient and Unless the Trouble is Remedied Consumption May Follow.
1 J
Shoes fir every Sport and Recreation
*

can
>
3
t
¦)k\ Wmi hy
IOI
He Didn’t Pay.
-‘‘When will you pay me
“Upon my soul, you remind me of my little nephew."
Tailor—“I do? Why?"
Smithkins—“Because you ask questions that, for the life of me, I cant answer!"
Tailor
Smithkin

Sore
Corns
Go!
Absolutely
Painless
No cutting, no plasters or pads to press the sore spot. Putnam's Extractor makes the corn go without pain. Takes out the sting over night. Never falls —leaves no scar. Get a 25c. bottle of Putnam's Corn Extractor to-day.
He Succumbed.
“A couple,” said Mrs. Simpkins, "got married a few days ago after a courtship which had lasted fifty years."
“I suppose,” replied Mr. Simpkins, the poor old man had become too feeble to hold out any longer."
Vi


the morning
*
I

\
#
Kid Talk.
Bessie—“We’s dot a new baby at our house."
Dollie—“We don’t need one. We dot a piano."
No one could understand a dis
up
crimination among horses based on the length of their tols until a reporter for a Paris paper questioned the proprietor, and later published the explanation in his newspaper.
The honest old innkeeper gave an amusing but logical answer to the re-
PJwhy, that^very simple,” he said.	« ^ulbKntin,
A horse with a short tail is very dog of mange with MINARD’S much bothered by flies and gnats. He LINIMENT after several veterinaries is kept so busy driving them off with had treated him without doing him his head that he naturally cannot eat permanent good, much. A horse with a long tail does	Yours, &c.,
not need to use his head to keep off D	t n	WILFRID GAGNE,
the flies, but can busy himself eat- r°p* of Grand Central Hotel, ing. In that way he eats much more Drummondville, Aug. 3, 04.
than the other. Therefore it is only logical thu I should charge a higher rate for hn board.”
The innk 'cper's argument purely sounds reasonable.

of the French military aero division,	Getting a Clue,
all her flights being made unofficially. This photographed they greatly en-
pressed that the great stream of	the same	year.	Mile. Dutrieu first	block of matches and the ragged ends Our bosoms filled so fast
transports, carrying British troops	became interested	in aviation in 1908,	of the burnt stub. But this latter
and supplies to France, has apparent-	when she	saw Wilbur Wright in his	step was hardly necessary, for by a
ly flowed on unchecked by the under- (	aeroplane.	glance at the enlarged photographs a
•ea craft of the Kaiser. Only once
HUGE SUNKEN NET OF STEEL
How British Transports Travel Freely Across Straits of Dover.

V
We thought our hearts would break in the morning.
%
layman could have told that the burnt j We dreamed of yon wild glen, stub found at the scene of the crime We would never see again, had been torn from the block of Where we spent youth's happiest
days
Our hearts will ever ken,
And we heard the lintin sung
TT .	...	..	.	, The rugged rocks among	,
*¦ t,,ik m *h° """" investment
to a long term by the court.
german detectives
London promptly denied that any such	_
:hing had happened, and all the evidence at the time went to show that AHEAD OF THOSE IN LONDON the submarine captain made a mistake in claiming such a success.
The German failure to interfere
explained by travellers reaching New Murderer rrafed ThrouKh » Match, ! victed of murder Lier the following Eve/changing passLTway	| Wanted capital to develop one of the	_
¦saMa
mmêzê pss seifs ~ “	—
¦Bee
has maintained silence on the sub- only with the knowledge that the mur- “Why so?”	of the car-^f stoel. Thelre stoves
ject, mentioning anly such cases as der had been committed on a certain “Because they thought Grey are to steel frames Everv de resulted in the capture of officers or night in -certain street	green.”	Uil ha. been carefully thought out
crews of the German L-boats, whose Now, what happened in Berlin	-- The cars fill a much-felt want, being, “It is a woman's fate to suffer in
presence In England would need ex- when the patrolman came upon the	Reaaonable.	u they are, roomy, comfortable and silence," she volunteered,
planation.	de*d ^ly In the street? First, with- “I believe,” said the beautiful heir safe, while for three or five days the "If they’d only let us suffer the
Travellers from Berlin, however, out in any way touching the body, he ess, "that the happiest marriages are life is lived as It would be In a per- same way," he rejoined, who had access to officials .n authort- rapped with his sword-hUt for the made by opposites.”	m.nent residence with hardly an os-
ty there, said that jt was admitted by patrolman on the neighboring beat. "Just think how poor I am!" urg- dilation to remind one that the cars competent authorities In the German This officer he despatched to the near- od the young man.	.re on the rails, and that they arc
capital that fourteen German submar- est telephone to notffy headquarters.- running	at the rate of 40 miles an
ines had been lost up to three weeks Hear quarters immediately summoned	hour
ago. The conjecture is that many of from their beds the members of the these may have come to grief in the Murder Commission. Now, a murder meshes of the British cable netting, commission la a small group of spe-Travelling at a speed of six to eight daily picked men under the charge of knots under water, these ships would a ranking officer in the detective dethrust their way inextricably into the partment. It consists of three or tangle of steel before they could be four officials of the detective force, a brought to a stop and freed.	police surgeon, and a photographer,
assisted by as many plain clothes men as are necessary for the case.
Photograph Everything.
Upon arriving at the scene of the crime the detectives went methodical -Helen—“Indeed I do. Why, Mil-| ly to work. First they drew a chalk
matches discovered in the pocket of one of the suspects.
This practically ended the case as far as the detectives were concerned.
Russian peasant women have, an average, from six to twelve children each, of whom about half vive.
on
sur-
OR NEW YORK
OPPORTUNITY
Mlnard'e Liniment Cures Diphtheria.
FARMS FOH RENT
/ 1 ANGER, TUMOItS, LUMjjfl
?
A Different Matter.
“I must say these are fine biscuits exclaimed the young husband.
“How could you say those are fine biscuits?” inquired the young wife's mother, in a private interview.
“I didn’t say they were fine. I merely said I must say so.”
i"
Mf,
^ErmatH
WILLIAM JOHNSTON
fin o
e:
n );i n v s
wm
Mlnard'e Liniment Cures Distemper
HOME
STUDY
Arts Courses only.
SUMMER
SCHOOL
«
\L3:*ir
AlUIST
Jill
QUEEN’S
^ UNIVERSITY
KINGSTON, ONTARIO
ARTS EDUCATION MEDICINE
SCHOOL OF MINING
MINING
Mlnard'e Liniment Cures Colds. Etc.
Hie Wish.
s
blIctri
ENGINEERING GKO. Y. CHOWN, Resist re r
CC^KAL
'cCaAlL

?
'i
I

To See Submarine# Below.
An instrument delicate enough to “see” a submerged submarine, three to five miles away, is predicted by H. Greensback in an editorial in the current number of the Electrical Experimenter. He says “The modem
DODDS
/

?KIDNEY$
PILLS
/
f
0*
"Overmtorn " V Bottom
$55
/ /
%
\
r
submarine la dangerous only

Motor Boat


Of the Se
Opinion.


of its invisibility. If we find a to make R visible the submarine will
ns
V\\N
rnis
Mildred—“Don't you think Miss Elderly looks much younger in her
c

I ' m * Prepaid to any Railway Station in Ontario Length 15 Ft Beam 8 Ft. 9 In., Depth 1 Ft. 6 In A NY MOTOR FITS.
Specification No. SB diving engine prices oi request. Get our quotations
I
^ KJDNÉ
iaI
M 4 V
new hat?”
net present insurmountable difficult-
out a con-
|gnt
he rc5
T
iee. A submarine
D<
eider able magnetic flux. Another
line in a great circle on the pa
t
and sidewalk thirty feet around the

of detection lie# in the use of
corpse. Then placing a board in the

Over half the newspapers publish- circle to step on, so as not to disturb ed In the world are printed in the any footprints that might have been English language.	I left by the murderer, they
THE GIDLBY BOAT CO„ LIMITED, PENETANG, CAN.
French la the official language of
a ED. 7.
¦BUB
'IS.
###PAGE###4###
THE EQUITY.
I
SHAWVILLE SASH AND DOOR FACTORY.
Renders Amt) ]iivi«ihl«
I
mi'h
nmulivrvd from one to itivation is in kee; ing xxitli that of other provinces. Mor r, x\liill- in Mill slight liit)
mviitnrv sol to
1. .1
le\
1
St. John’s, Nth!.,

A chemist at
talma after years of experimenting tvly grades there are ! to have perfected a chemical which 111*0* in ele I abscure» any object from view near moult'd with the which it is released and the invtsl-hools, it will I liillty may he maintained for an inif n pupil who hus | Infinite period.
first six gnu le* in mi to pu s directly into i a superior school.
ntary grade
clem, in I a i v school was in some t > Is'xund grade two non lei and in 's hind it. Now the nnm-I grades are practical I v alike in all
names demon iiiihIvI and academy are retained, ver. t" denote the several kinds of
schools
nc teacher will he aide to do the even grades ; tl
i will not he aide to cover mon than the first five or six grades i ,|iiip|H‘d model sdiools will Ik* aide to cover the first niiu
academies, as iMtal, will give the cm use nf eleven grades from the
o university matriculation.
Regarded simply from the point of j Resolution Regarding Folmcco For view of classification, the new course of | Soldiers Mas Raised a Storm.
Mudy i' a decided help in school admin istration. I
have lieen |*now fence on the'sideline lafwaea iotsl^like will find it definite ami clear, and I to awaken universal sympathy In
h.-	to|Toronto. conference by nnuni-
itnderstand the terms used
As tn subject* it is Udieved that it | that will give satisfaction. A few |*diits
Mr. K. W. Lucas remartcd nothing I !,nb 1° Itouched ii|K>n by way of
i, For years there has liven
criticism of the work in arithmetic in the schools. The text lmoks were sup-I wised to deal only with “ stocks and _
In nuis.' This was not ipiite true, hut I able expression the unniera arithmetic which has lieen mean well.”
I
i
tl
SHAWVILLE, JULY 15, 1915
\
?
i
i
(i. F. II
.1. A. In
Thus. K
t
L’.Mi
6.00
D
6

rior s
sr/
o
I
0
() VOIT contemplate building
or making any alterations in that||f line ? If so, call in and see im place your orders early, a ml lmvell^j \ tun material ready when re»
X-k for a sample of It WAX’Kit BOARD, the coining Interim I'ini'h foi Dwelling"’ and lhiblicj|^
Buildings.
of the 41 advantages of BEAVER BOARDi
t $' Van lie applied in any season. |S| Are ever seen in walls and
A;,;..,,.,..,,,.,	M	jfix 8-a; fiss
following liistl u< t ions c an I g I ful, sanitary, forty-one apply it.	Ini	advantages. Call aud see
Is pure Wood Fibre through-\\^\ how it looks.
le by
R. G. HODGINS.
I .1. II. s

to the latest Amer ievl of the former le warfare. i> said t ting and un>ati>fat ' it Washimrtoi to haw
1
I
D
rvi
I
i
Hundred j of persons of nil classe» tmxe witnessed demonstrations. The nost skeptical admitted their belief hat in both naval and military oper-itions the discovery would revolutionize warfare.
;
II.Ml
1.1*
>
Hi
d
11
valuator
I
I
BEAVER in BOARD j
il»!

S
;
i
r. a. i
1. del
d
M
Ik an and
» now
I
the (
l
1 d
I
:
1
I
I
?
I of th
S
\
0
I*
n
l
X Maine t'tmihinat ion
qui red

If a small quantity of chlorate of mtash be powdered and mixed with in equal quantity of powdered sus-ir a candle may be lighted by means >f the mixture without matches. Place u little of it in the deprea-witli <mly one | Uon around the wick of a candle
bat has been previously used and Well I -hen touch the mixture with a glass |od, the '-nil of which has i »* *n dip-
Irt.lcs, while the I »ed in oil of vitriol
nto flame.
I
iKH.ls. Til
I
PVRt
FIDM
\\
rin

3
i
i
Bristol Council Meeting
is the latest ami n •ment of the army which ha> i»een operating under ( leneval Hot ha since the war commenced. Tl render of the capital of the colony with German soldiers constituted the 4 losing act in this eventful rampagih w hi< h takes from the K null slice of hi< possession?
\
»
1
hod. I
9
Ù
i
!
lhiM.,1 .1
0
i
0
i
:
The Municipal n tin all >ve d
!
i
I
l
(TRADE MARK
1
I
I
Mas
I
li
5
W. I V l ampliell and t 'oiui Ml, Horner and Jamieson
Minute* of previous session read adopted .!> i. .id.
I A request was i opposite l«»t *23. range granted.
I
NO CRACKS 0
t ami
0
1. It will burst lighting the candle.
TORONTO REPUDIATE* IT.

l
9
finni fur a culvert I’H'*’
Iteuiivst 11 niimiy t
D
i In
I

;
ill. Young now took hi- unit at
(
!
vs that a word
A report fro;
I
out
For
the Imnull
Methodist disapproval of sending u hers, pupils and parents I tobacco to the soldiers does not see;u
[
ig to information received more than
a. 0. H0D0INS. Is
M. Sullivan appeared asking for a
9
vnv hundred t ferman otth ers murdered by the Turk's including Vol- !V.11* '• i.uig«‘
.m«l von Lt-i|.zmg, the fiem.an military thut volm v.mg |u,.k after tin attache. The attempted enforcement of | matter >tem German military discipline is likely to have tieen the cause of this onslaught
rnous resolution, expressed its regret : "many whose lips were pure before have been led to a habit which otherwise might have been avoided.”
had lieen done by H. Tubman towards | illustration
.. .	,	« • « .retiring his fence between north and
upon the Mbjecta of the nation which L,nth halve* of lot a, range 8. IW
induced the Turks to enter a conflict [referred to Rural Inspector J. Smith.
Conn. Wood* took his seat at the
hoard.
H. Ross and J. Henderson appeared * a«l«>ptvd deals with a very wide range I The resolution which has aroused Asking for a grant toward* opening the directly practical problems. A rural I so much discussion was a part of the Word of the safe arrival of Sir RoU*rt | 3rd con. line.'	^	| arithmetic which in itself forms an in- report of the Sunday School Com-
troduction t<« ecientiflc agriculture and|mitt*®» °f which Rev. A. A. Wall, of
Davisville, is chairman, and Rev.
Prominent clergymen. military men. and business men. expressed j surprise in terms sometimes mild, sometimes severe. The most favor-
used was They
The Wedding Bells
that must inevitably prove their mi
O
ioing
Will soon be chiming merrily throughout the
length and breadth of the land. Young men and maidens fair will plight their troth, and the maiden's friends —and they are legion—will wish to present her with memento of the happy day. W here better could they suited than at this store ? Where else could they secure such superb specimens of Silverware, Clocks, Hand-painted China, Engagement and Wedding Kings, Pearl Pendants, Necklaces, or other valuable gifts, at the most reasonable of reasonable prices
Mowed by conn*. Wood* and Vamp	.	I . I
_—...............
Mr. JTD Russell wked that the no*	lhv |arge*t addition t.» the ed t0 smoking,
ion* weed* !*• cut	at	once along divi-	eourse nt study l*	in English	literature. ”We framed	our resolution	only
sion* là and 16.	I ruin simple texts, of classical English	on account of	those	who are	not
Moved	k)	in used ;o tobacco and may be brought
on matters involving the interests of Ison that the Secretary uotifx the path- the later grade*, a very complete course I to form the habit. We feel strongly
m. in divisions'I ', and Id to have hw hrn	In this subject we against the suggestion which lias
the weed* cut at once alon¦» their divi- huxe long U»eu Miiml the public and been made by young girls, even In
high schools of the United States.	our Sunday schools, of holding *to-
Mr. 1). Alien reunited the brid c on I Altogether, the new course of study, bacco showers for the soldiers. The respomlvntk cabling under date of July sideline between lots u and 10, range 11,	^îTÎka^ïdd	Sunday School 3°™ rL opposing1!
.....*...,„dw,* U. .........................»•* lS7„u45f5ZU:
I | P	that Dan Doherty In*	notified to have	y^a ot piogit?*sin	I i»*t« st.mt	« dumt ion	b*ve not used tobacco	so far to form
den a visit with a_British Government I the abutment* filled	and this bridge ^e province.	the habit.”
made :,r : i traffic.	—	-- I 'll them to go into the trenches
A request was received from P. (\h>-	v	and sit around for days at a time
livy for a culvert feet by is inches estimate or war losses doing nothing, and see how they like between	H».	thaï.” Col. Duncan Donald, of
Premier, though British circle* suggest I(.,ie^ grantetl "	i he Trench belief Society estimates the 48th Highlanders. “They are a
..,................ g,ss-cs
edition owing to the Dardanelles o|>era-	z /f ^ 11 ^ l.at lhe s,tie kilied l,eing 2,22H,:t(Kh The figues talking about. It doesn’t matter
taking longer than first estimated n /,	' »i noons propert).	, I seem large, but it b to he remembered | What you send those men. so long
..    "   r&£SSrs	==vF
II. ts: &$-, ' 7 ÈBBSE:;Er
Montreal (lazerte.
Borden in England readied the Government in Ottawa last Thursday night from agents of the White Star Line.
a
reached |M»rt in safety er|Hx»l Sir HoWrt at once proceeded to London to confer with the Government
Arrived in Liv
*
4 Canada in connection with the war
/
sions
I'he Ottawa Journal’s London cor
HANS SHADED
10, says
Halt ic shipping exchange con ne I Bor
Watchmaker and Jeweler - Shawville, Que.
pn»|position to take over the whole Van adian crop for the allies. Impossible t« get confirmation or denial from tin
SHAWVILLE MARBLE AND CRANITE WORKS
T. SHORE - PROPRIETOR.
I have on hand the finest
stock of Marble and Granite Motiu-
)
is it doesn’t interfere with their efficiency. Tobacco is necessary for those men at the front, it is far better for them to smoke thr.n for half of them to come back with nervous prostration. As for ‘pure lips/ these expressions make me tired. I’d like to see the mover of that resolution and tell him a few plain, straight facts in Queen’s English.”
“If we keep putting on unnecessary restrictions, we do harm and simply disgust people/’ said Yen. Archdeacon Ingles, whose son has fallen for the Empire. “Tobacco Is i strength and help to many men, ind it seems a pity to restrict the lending of it when restriction is not necessary. I don’t smoke myself/’ ldded Archdeacon Ingles, “but I sent tobacco to my boy last fall. Of course, the wet canteen Is a different thing, and I am not in favor of that.”
meats ever placed before the public Prices are such that it will be to intending
Clarendon Council Minutes
of this district
purchasers’ interest to consult me before placing their order elsewhere. Nothing too largo—nothing too small.
I
Regular session of the Clarendon | wa> uncil wax held this 5th day of July at I I a. m., in Hynes' hall, Shaw ville.
I resent
8 II. MtK'ord, W . I Rarltvr, Alex. Id
Bean

Moved l»y conns. Young and Jam' eon that Path matter P. Cooney lx? r. »-Mayor \\. H. Barr ; i dun- |tified to hx»k into the matter and it c
*•* not attend to it that M. I). Allen
examine the drain ind report,
Minute* of last meeting read and I Moved by < « »1111-. Hornet and Jamie confirmed.	son that R. Gibbons look after the cedar
Some communication^ laid liefore the taken out of the side line between lots board I discussed. Meeting then ad |18 and i t. rangt h journed for one hour Afternoon session
present, also councillors ( i. T. I>agg, T Fades and Bert Ibwlgins.
Moti
FENCING AND CEMETERY WORK A SPECIALITY
THE, MARKETS
All Work Guaranteed Satisfactory.
S K AW VILLE
Flour peibarrel $7.50 Wheat, pel bushel, standard $1.25 Oats,per bushel. 45c.
Butter,tubs, printsand rolls 21c. Potatoes per bag. 75c.
Eggs per dozen 17c.
Pork per 100 lbs. 7.50 to 8.00 Hides perlOO lb 8.00 Pelts 20 to 75 each Horse Hides each 2.50 Calfskins each 65 to 75 Wool washed perlh.îWh to 32c Hay per ton $16.50
Applications were receded from Gee Vuthliertson, W. J. Scobie and J. iVtta piece to run temperance houses at Nor way Bav.
Moved by
Up-to-Date Tailoring
Same meuilxTs
^îdhth;. harlier ami Bean That the Sec.-Treasurer of the Municipality of Litchfield lie notified that this Council is not in a jxwition to open up town line opposite I >. 1». Stevenson s profierty at present, hut would consider the |»rojeet later on.—Carried.
\ petition signed by William Dale Moved by conns. Horner and Young and upward* of 100 ratepayers, was left that the following hills tie paid :
-vo., after some diacuamon.	M. Mr Dowell, tile, as hr l.ill #114/,„
....Mofion:	Louna. Dagg and Bean	i>Hvils re,lara delivered
I lmt inasmuch a* complaints have U*en jn ,,,, ,
nuule regarding the C N. Railway emw- „ VampMI. -pike, for Bridge itigs in this municipality, that the Sec- 4th line rctary he authorized to notify the C. N. |T pink A.	N, |U. spikes
Railway Company that they will be i*# Hislgins, sawing 264 lineal field resfxmsihle for any damage arising	lumber
ft .,.1 the Mtate of their crowing*. R. Marfarlaiie, Tttt ft. cedar
Motion :	twins. Barber «ml Dagg |.fohn Findlay, r„,d work for (
- 1 hat John Greer, *r., t*e notified to remove all obstructions from road allowance on the 13th concession line
V....B and Jamie
son that the prayer of the |«etitioiicrs !*•
granted.
Moved by conns Horner and Young that Hoad In*|lector K. J. Wiggins Ik* notified to have the main rood repaired at once.
com

We have a good assortment of
“I'd like to say something about that/' said one prominent city minister. “but I can’t say anything for publication."
“When I read that article, the ûrst thing I wanted to do was to go )ut and buy some tobacco and send it to the front,” said another well known clergyman, who extracted a promise not to use his name.
“These people haven’t any idea of modifions in the trenches,” said another prominent minister of the Jburch of England *d the nervous strain, and the itench, they would not talk like that. I don’t smoke myself, but I don’t Agree with them at all."
$
Tweeds aqd Serges

for you to choose from. We guarantee you a fit.
Also a good range of
Gents’ Furnishing's Rain Coats and Semi-Ready Suits.


3
The following are last Saturday» quoi
V
2.60 dtion
{

I
Butter, in print» 30c to32c Butter in pall» 28 to 30c Egg*. fresh, oer oozen IK to 20c Potatoes per bag 65 to 70c.
Pork, per 100 lbs $11.00 to 13.00 Beef, per 100 lb», $10.00 to 12.50 Oat» per bushel 65c Hay per ton 18.00 to 21.00
"S
1.10
If they reallz
10.24

6*

2.64
9.00

I2i
&
50
Beckoning the Dead.
On the rugged Pacific coast there (• a tower from which the Indians watched for sea otter. They are very asger after that game, for the hide jf one of those creatures la worth
payment	$85.601 The citizen» of Shaw ville are hereby ill the way from $500 to $2.000
J. A. U. Cowley, road work sect. <1.73 M^ieeated to have their yards and pre Two young Indiana were watching Moved by coun*. Campbell and Jam	cleaned up without delay a* the me day when they saw a sea otter
Roll as revised I	of Health will make an inapec -M* in the surf. Two shots from their
tion of the village in the near future. dBms killed the otter and then they
By order.	I rushed down to their aurf boat. The
Sinn
3.00
Secretary, copy of field notes, Bristol Clarendon town line
.1. - ,	,	.	...	. . Secretary, telephone messages
plaints having been made to this Imard. sinking Fund Acct., half yearly Carried	1
Motion
gins —That coun. Bean arrange to have sufficient cedars hauled from Shaw ville
MURRAY BROS., 8HAWVILLE.
1.00
opposite his property, at once, com
PUBLIC NOTICE
65
Comm Barlwr and Hod
CANADIAN
Trespass Notice
o
P	wwon that the Valuation .
ami Andrew Hodgin» mill to complete acceptai and homologate!
4hi covenng of Dean» bridge. tarried.
Motion : Coun». McCord and Fade»
— That the owner of Clarendon cheese factory be notified that if present ar rear» of taxes are }*id promptly, there will be no municipal tax charged in
l VI5, and until further notice. -Carried. | A New Course of Study for
Couns. Hodgin* and Bar-	Protestant School»	I Three Protestant teacher*, boldl
lwr That Rural Inspector Ed. Dagg	--- ^ayatanr dtolomaa, for school» No
« ,-! Mayor Harr le appoisW to in	(juebec, July S—A few days ago an- w ‘cwmbm IM of’ A°ugi^ nixt^A?.
sport	those	jobs on	bridge» given out on	nouncement was made of the i«wue of a j plication* stating experience and salary	tad	stood on the
May	17th	and	16th	;	and	coun.	Bean	new authorized list of text hook* for wanted.	reckoning to the ~
and Mayor Barr the stumping of the the Protestant School* of the Province I	THOMAS I^TAILE.	I lead,
two sideline* given out same date.— valid for four years. A new courue of	" fm‘ n
by the Protestant com _____
SuXTSari-ttrjK	for service. "	ssktm-ss
nwt, brand i* hereliy accepted—Car-	The first feature of the new course [ The undersigned offer* for service the lays they waited and beckoned and ® * %ware °f' L,beral eompeenatloe
calling for special mention i* the ahan registered Holstein Friesian Bull *8haw then a dark object was seen drifting l>â,d f,,r convicting evidence. All don men t of the grade nomenclature1 ville Chief, No. 10964. Fee -one dol	Into	shallow water.	Sometimes	It	reepondence striatly private and court
which ha* l*en in force no many years, I lar. This animal took first prize at the	was	burled completely	from view	by	dental
6	6.17	| namely one primary, four elementary, | sbawvill. Fair of 1914.	fhe	heavy surf; then	it was seen
H. A. HORNER,	***** * **» nearer, and so the body
5th Line Clarendon.
I	HHI	1 hereby forbid trespassing of any
wa was heavy and when they were | kind, either by persons, cattle or sheep sut some distance from the shore on the Rear Half of I>»t No 5 in the their boat broke In two over a com- 4th range of Thorne. Anyone found
ând ^-=««• **
whore on a piece of wreckage. The
>ther, although a splendid swimmer, was drowned. The n to the reservation and the Indians from far and near came to the beach
| HELP PROTECT THE DEER.
Moved by couns. Young that we do now adjourn.
RAILWAY 00.
When Planning your Summer Vacation don’t Forget our Great Lakes Steamship Service
8. E. HODOINN,
Sec.-Trva*.
July 2, 1915
O. T. Dkvmwoxh,
Sec. -T reo*
:he sea
TEACHER WANTED

AUGUST Kt’HOCK
J .any «until, June 8, 191ft.
Motion

\
a soon spread
Sailing tonr days every week each way between Port McNicoll and Fort Willia Rail express from Toronto makes direct connections with steam fhip at Fort William. Passe
< 9
It was a solemn, impressive sight
connect with Transcontinental Express carrying dining, compartment, observation, standard a~ 1 tourist sleeping cars and day coaches, parlor cars and coaches, Toronto and Port McNicoll ana Port McNicoll to Toronto.
Otter lake
—the stalwart, ragged, copper-color
< ;u risdL
Motion : (Vsm*. Bean and K*de«
And other (lime during Close Besson

rial
t «sms. Hade* and IHgg That the following hill* he ;*id : IiOgiU Blank Printing Co.
R. J. Burge**, bridgeât Shaken creek
¦

c.M'C'",pply
E. J HKBKRT.
to any
N.McCUAIC
Pro? Game Warden Bryson. Jamaary 1913.
I three model and three academy grade*. <s.00 TMs is r<‘i4aced by the same number of
the dead Indian ca
1st Asst, tienl
¦¦•vxs
l Qua
call of the tribesmen
_
###PAGE###5###

, ""fi.if:* become uf tii«- .soiiurv dorse» »
twin who used to appear In tlie first ^Viien you want the best value for your j chapter of tbe novel, outlined ogulust ! tbe horizon on I he top of the bill?"
I “He U probably at the bottom of the mine bill In an automobile with his ;ine «tailed.”—Tuck.
THE EQUITY,
Got Insulted.
In England It Is quite common, Instead of euylng •‘Hello" when using the telephone to ask, "Are you there?"
An American who beard It for the first time, thinking some one was endeavoring to have some fun at hie expense. replied "No," and hung up the receiver.—Excha uge.
SPLENDID BARGAINS
4 Weekly Journal devoted to Local Interests.
money li
SHINGLES
j\t Shawtrille, County Pontiac, Que.
eu
at $1.65 per M- and up
Also Latl
Dry Lumber, Clapboards r’locring. End Matched Hardwood Floor ng. Mouldings, Doors, etc., try
Which we are now quoting you
SiTHirfiiPTioK, 91 a Year in Advance.
tir All arrears must ho paid up before any piper Is discontinued.
ADVERTISING IiATES.
Leff U advertising, 10cents per lino for 1st insertion and Scents per lino or each e»uU*equciil Insertion Business cards not exceeding one Inch inserted at $1.00per year.
Local announcements Inserted at the rate of 8 cents per line for first Insertion an I 3 cents for subsequent Insertions.
Oinnorclal advertising by the month •or for longer periods inserted at low rates which will he given on application.
Advertisements received without Instructions accompanying them will he inserted until forbidden and charged for
accordingly.
Birth, in irrlage and death notices pub-(shed free of charge. Obituary poetry
declined.
I
Seven by the Average.
ITfllMk Dot big i j hip boy? i -He tnl md n four year old car seat. lie aver* igos men.”—New York Sim.
FRUIT OUTLOOK GOOD
a /i t«*n year old suit
A. F. CAMPBELL
Gents’ Underwear
i
\t'liI»t*ioi*. Ont
SOME IWIITS OF CANADA HOWEVER HIT BY FROST.
! The enndfil tree Imparts Its fragrance •veil to the ax that hewn IL-Hindu l To verb.
Here is a collection of all the broken lines of two-piece Summer Underwear :
A
Balbriggana, Fine Wool, Mixed Wool and Cotton. They are worth 50c. to $1.00 per garment. Out they go at 50c. per suit.
PROMPTLY SECUR
“War Plot" Compel liions.
The Ontario Department of Agriculture ban decided to present a silver medal to the boy or girl In each county who, in the war plot potato ompetition now on. raises the largest amount of p •» under consideration bears the British arms and the Canadian beaver, and will be engraved with the name 3f the winner.
In addition to these medals the twelve thousand children who have entered the competition will have an incentive in the prizes being offered by the rural school fair boards for war potatoes.
From present indications the Department of Agriculture should have available at the end of the season something like 40.000 bags of potatoes to sell, the proceeds of which will be turned over to the Patriotic Fund
be disposed of has not been decided, but the plan favored at present is to them collected at central points and sold direct to the public ronto, Hamilton, London and other large centres would become the collecting and distributing points for a large portion of the crop
AN ERRAND OF MERCY.
Crop of Applies Will lie Large Ex-

I
cepl In Southern mid Western Ontarh
A *k f
X
J
ADVISER.which w
Nova Scotia Will Have a Record Yield—Okanagan Valley Output Promises to Re Especially Heavy.
MARION & MARION.
2S4 University St.. Montréal
The medal
HOMEMAKERS’ CLUBS.
TIME OF MEETING :
Lisle Socks
Following a very mild winter, the spring opened with warm weather In
We have a few more Socks on hand than we like to
April, giving fruit buds an early start
Since then there has been
Austin - First Tuesday, Murrells - Second Wednesday, Elmside - Second Wednesday, Bristol, • - First Thursday, Starks Corners, Second Thurs.. Wyman, -	- First Friday,
Shawville - First Saturday, Yarn . Last Saturday,
of each month.
)
JOB PRINTING.
have. They are tine knitted in Lisle and Cashmere, Plain and mixed colors hosiery
All kind, of Job Printing ne.tly »nd Çon.lderable rain, accompanied by cheaply executed. Orders by mail j *ow temperature. Frosts have been promptly attended to.	reported from many localities, some
having done little or no damage, while in other Instances the losses ï I will be severe.
In the Toronto-Hamilton district the growers estimate the losses to the strawberry crop by frost at 35 per cent.
In the Province of Nova Scotia the season was particularly late and cold, wet weather continuing up to the latter part of May.
No complete reports have been re-CampbilLs Bay - • Qite.	iceived regarding conditions in the
Doctor of Medicine and Master of Surgery i United States. Full Inquiries will McGill University.	| be made during the month of June
Doctor of Dental Surgery, University of j and the information gathered will
be Included in the July Fruit Crop report.
Applies.—Basing a forecast upon the set of blossoms in the various fruit districts of Canada. It ap-DR. N. M. HALKETT, B.A. 'peat* that the crop will be large, ex-
te-vs»' êtes«YÏÏK:
that harvested last season. Large orchards in eastern Ontario promise a heavy crop with the exception possibly of Spies and Greenings In certain localities.
The Province of Nova Scotia will probably bave a record crop, and if marketing conditions are satisfactory the growers should have a very successful season.
In the districts of Quebec and Ontario where Fameuse and McIntosh apples grow extensively, thtse two varieties have blossomed well and ¦ | *et heavily.
British Columbia reports a normal crop, probably about equal to that harvested a year ago. It Is important to bear in mind that many young orchards are coming into bearing In this province, and that the total amount of fruit produced will probably increase yearly for some time.
The crop in the Okanagan Valley promises to be heavy. Only those orchards which produced a large crop last year have had a light blossom. Young orchards which will come into bearing this year with a fair crop will greatly affect the total output.
A fine time to replenish your 25 and 50c. per pair. Out they go at 19c.
JOAN A. COWAN.
Publisher
Professional Cards.
Men’s Short Luster Coats
In Plain, Black and Black and Grey Stripes. Just the thing for the warm days, $2.00 and $3 00 values. Out they go at $1.50 each.
Just how the potatoes will
ha
DR. A. H. BEERS
To-
SURGEON DENTIST
Pennsylvania.
Licentiate of Dental Surgery, Quebec.
Screen Doors
The George B. duett Will Seek Lost SYNOPSIS OF CANADIAN
Explorers In the North
NORTHWEST LAND REGULATIONS
Made of selected hardwood, grained and varnished, handsomely paneled. Very best of green wire with oval effect. $2.25 value. Out they go at $1.75 each.
She looks just like any three-masted schooner, except that she appears stubby about	the bows and	lies	rP	If E sole head o	a family, o any male
low and heavy in	the water.	But	*	over 18 years old, may homestead a
there is no boat In the world about quarter section of available Dominion which a romance	clings like	that	jaud in Manitoba,	Saskatchewan or Al
which surrounds	the George	B.	' '	‘
Cluett.
On the pilot wheel you may read these words deeply graven on a brass plate:	"Jesus saith, I will make you
fishers of men," and about that cen-	Duties.—Six months* residence upon
très the story of a mission that tugs a.n * cultivation of the land in each of
s. S£sS5£:
Wilfred T. Grenfell, missionary to tions. A habitable house i* required the Labrador fishermen. On the except when residence is performed in bleak rocky coasts, into the bleak in the vicinitv.
barren lives of simple fisher folk this In certain districts a homesteader in
°j£*	tb.t ..... i
tn** present trip of the George B. | patent ; aNo 50 acres extra cultivation.
Cluett of interest is the fact that, af- Pre emption patent may be obtained as
ter discharging her supplies to the isoon 81 homestead patent, on certain
¦ ¦	conditions.
A settler who has exhausted his homestead right may take a purchased homestead In certain districts. Price $3,00 pcracre. Duties. — Must reside six
who went out in 1913 to locate months In each of three years, cultivate
Crocker land which Commander 30 acres and erect a house worth $300. Peary in 1906 thought he saw when The area of cultivation is subject to re-he located the northernmost point . Auction in case of rough .scrubby or stony
mmmm land.	stock may be substituted for
cultivation under certain conditions.
Post Graduate Protestant General Hos |>itai, Ottawa.
OSes:	SHAW VILLE. QUE.
. Applicant must appear in person at the Dominion Lanas Agency or Sub agency for the District . Entry by proxy may be made at any Dominion Lands Agency (but not sub agency) certain conditions.
Window Screens
S. A. MACKAY
on
Our Screens are made of hardwood, finished in oil and have big extension. The wire cloth is of the best and well secured to the frame. 25 and 30c. each.
NOTARY PUBLIC
Shawvllle,
Que.
on a
f
R. MILLAR, L.L.L
ADVOCATE,
Bryson - - - Que.
Will visit Shawvllle every Saturday
C. F. HOOCINS CO.
various Grenfell stations in Labrador and other places, she will proceed toward the North Pole to rescue George B. MacMillan and his party
D. R. BARRY, K. C.
AC-
C
I
Office and Residence
Campbells Bay, Que.
iW Visits Shawvllle every Saturday.
We are ready for Your
on the earth.
Crocker land does not ex'st, according to a letter that has come out of the north from MacMillan cording to Peary it lay about 60
.. Spring and Summer Trade
XV. XV. CORY. C.M.G.,
Deputy of the Minister ofthe Interior
v B.—Unauthorised publication of miles south of the North Pole. XVhat [ this advertisement will not he paid for.
the commander saw may have been a mirage or it may have been an ice Of that we shall learn more when MacMillan comes out of the frozen waste, as he confidently expects to do.
CEO.C.WRIGHT,K.C.
Ac-
Roofing,
Troughing,
And any Tinwork required in building.
Sheeting
. will not be operated. There has been •evere damage by frost in all parts )f the provlncagMpHHHgH tomatoes on the markets this year - I will be small compared to that of 1914.
There is a general feeling throughout the country that the markets for fruit this year will not be good. The war In Europe, with its depressing consequences, has made fruit growers pessimistic, and we have received several Inquiries from different parts
CAMPBELLS BAY, QUE. the country regarding the possibility of disposing of fruit at fair
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, AC
The supply of
196 Main St. - Hull.
FARM FOR SALE.
floe
Carload of Sheet Iron just placed in stock.
SATISFACTION GUARANTEED
A very de«iral>l<* Projierty, lwing West Half of Lot No. 13, on the Sixth In his letter, which came by way Range of the Township of Clarendon, af Copenhagen MacMillan said that containing I no acres, more or less, ad-
<• ssartw «ess- sssasssstf
and all out-Luiltiing* never nary on a farm erected thereon. Two good wells one convenient to houae and one con-
Good orchard. Will lie For further j>ar-
PHONE BELL
J. Ernest Caboury, LL. 6.
ADVOCATE
BARRISTER & SOLICITOR
I (PRICES REASONABLE
G. W. DALE
PRACTICAL TINSMITH Shawvllle, Que.
certain new region and should get back to Etah by June 11 to meet the Cluett and the rescue party If the Cluett should miss him, MacMillan assures his friends they need ventent to stock yard not worry, as he and his men can ^°il lwrt clay and |»art loam I live with the natives comfortably. bold on easy terms And so the Cluett has sailed, with ticulars apply to her two-year supply of provisions. |	JOHN
Few boats ever built exceed the Cluett in ice-flghtiog qualities. She is stanchly built to stand the wedging of the ice floes. Besides sails the has engines, not built for speed ! but for power, to crunch her way through the ice crust that may form shout her bow in the Arctic sea.
But pre-eminently It is her aim to minister to humanity that marks her distinction from all other boats In the world. Not discovery, not commerce, not adventure, not war, but service to humanity, steers her ourse. Beyond the adventures that He in the perilous trip to the frozen | Always on hand sea, beyond the challenge to brave men that the grinding Ice floes and he rocky coasts of Labrador and Greenland present, there is the everpresent purpose engraved on her wheel, "I will make you fishers of nen." It Is this spirit that sent Dr.
Jrenfell in the first place to this lesolate land; It is this spirit that jacks him In bis work and loads the schooner every year with supplies;
this spfrit that primarily actuated the men who a few summers igo took a small power boat that the college mem gave Dr. Grenfell to his
nain station for him to use In bla |8-eighte, nnd part Sixteenth*, professional rounds among the sick tnd Injured of the Labrador fishers; t Is this spirit that throbs In every seat of her engine as she churns up he water on her errand of mercy.
At the helm le Cap! H. B. Pickets, in old salt experienced in the ways >f the Icy
Even
XX'ill be In Fort Coulongc every Wed- [prices nesday and Shawvllle every Saturday,
At this time It is only possible to make a prediction, which must be more or lees vague and speculative. So far as production Is concerned, there seems to be every indication of a fair crop of all varieties. Whether prices will be satisfactory depends entirely upon the distribution, upon
Embalmer and Funeral Director the quality of the fruit and upon the
extra demand which is created by
Mai. Street,Sbawville.
™	cause for the producers to be dis-
Personal attention.Open all hours. ?>urs«ed	the ««on wiii
be quite soon enough for that, If there is any need for discouragement àt all. In the meantime, growers will be doing themselves the best possible service if they take care of their crop Just as they would In an
fiHAWVlLLI I ordinary season. If the fruit Is of
good quality and Is well packed, there Is no reason to doubt that All calls will receive prompt per-1 there will be a demand for It at
prices which will return the producer a satisfactory figure.
o. McDowell,
H'X 290 H ai ley bury. Ont.
GEORGE HYNES
Y///a
\

ffW
1
SHAWVILLE
|H
I
MEAT SHOP
/
GEO. PRENDERCAST, Prop.
Fresh Meats,
Cured Meats,
Sausages, etc.,
UNDERTAKING
"MADE IN CANADA*
HAYES * FINDLAY
Ford Touring Car
Price $590
(opposite J. H. Shaw's.)
Hide* and Pelt* bought and highest market price paid,
!
ZY
(
aonal attention.
.. . r
Esteemed Patronage Solicited.
J. V. FINDLAY
Price* of Ford *|*re part* have been reduced an average of ten |ier cent. A Ford touring car may now be Imught, |wrt by part, for but $38.87 more than the price of the car ready to run Another big *lice off the “ after coat " of motoring
The action of the Toronto news-
FOR SALE.
U Need A Safe
lag a child passenger on the Lust-
ed Helen Smith, has ap-
lasia, a	__
led so much to Queen Alexandra that she has sent to the Canard
At J. A. Beckett's shop, Shaw-ville, 700 feet of steel chain, part
TO PEOTSCT TOUR BOOKS.

and ancon da
Company nt Liverpool n rognent for
from »
TIOW
full particulars.
Mr. Cow per put the child, who is six years of age and extraordinarily Intelligent, into one of the lifeboats after the ship was torpedoed After beisg In IN water for an hour and a quarter, Mr. Cewper managed le
Buyers of K#»rd car* will share in our profits if we sell 30,000 car* between August 1, 1914, and August 1, 1916.
Runabout $640 ; Town (Jar $840 ; F. O. R. Ford, Ontario, with all equipment, including electric headlights. Cars on display and sale at
O. A. HOWARD - DEALER Shawvllle, Que.
Will be cut any length ns desired. Apply to Mr. Bkc kktt.
In Case Of Fire


o
Saw-Mill Outfit
1 have received the agency triet for the far-famed 44 Re
for this Dis _____ liable " Fire
Pr0O,Se,e “4 ,AKk C°-	lot. a beat, and b, a cur,on,
coincidence the first one to greet
fn every way up-to-date. Portable Mill ; daily capacity 15,000. Inserted tooth saws, double edger

The Cluett will tank JP with gasoline for two years F hence she will lay her course for Labrador and discharge the cargo of ; and trimmer, bull wheel, slab saws •appii
and will he pleased to quote prices on the several styles manufactured.
The Combined Office Desk and 8afs should be part of svery basin •tonal man s or farmer’s equipment. It Is tbs most eo*veulent fl outfit ever
the little girl, who

«
prof
got me "
Helen Smith through the disaster
.... *v. rviv %=: ' iti s	—
been left *i<»n* in the world end
Also four good work h
and. which Is expected to be reach
the Interest of the Queen Mother Is typical a# her klndo Many offers to adopt the little survivor have been reeeived.
*d about August IS. She Is only 110 'and truck.
of the city
of heart
a W. Chamberlin»
R. M. R. No. 1. Shaw ville.
it $15,000, and the whole cost of he expedition la about $26.000.
M R. McOUIRK.
ffbawvilie

###PAGE###6###
Cover the chicken with paper, and S'T DM A MV 10 MA117	self-support inf was never more inplace a brick on top to weight it	I lu IsV Vf	tense or extensive than it now is. In
down, and one beside it to hold it in	the rural districts, now swept clear of
position. Continue this process as	1 FOP A D R A A NT men of military age, the women,
...	.	.... .«I « . . other chickens are plucked, placing	LEuO HAA VU/1111 j young and old, have taken their
weight has been attached. All that is 0HCj1 chicken in the shaping board	j places, and are helped by old men
necessary is to wind the cord once c|0„0 up to the last, moving the lower	and boys. Most of the horses have
ss zsr srjyft but	” Bzatrat?
nniut > grasping the ru<k with thi this position for at least six hours,	I UOSKC U TE THK WAK.	ply of soldiers remains abundant.
.	, ,	thum	» and forefinger of the left hand,	being sure that	they are quite cold I	This year’s class of	recruits,	which
I lus method	is	perhaps the most	draw	the head	gently	downward,	amj tjrv before	being placed in the ;	would, in the ordinary course,	have !
popular, and when used on birds to force the mouth open by pressing on t.ases.	Hoys From Higher Classes of Schools been enrolled next November,!
be sold for immediate consumption the aide of the head with the lingers	,>arki|lir	,r . .	4	„ 4	just been called out. I saw numbers I
£«£wï»x-s'ïJ;?,;,!?: n,*	*"	?„:xïïriitJïïta^:i::'N0TEa0FINTE"ESTF"0*H™
and wings with	back upwards. Place	well back in the	throat,	and with a	cither basswood	or spruce, and the	fives, marching to	the music of
the first linger	of	the right hand on	quick	downward	sliding	motion cut	type of case most generally preferred In the following article, an experi- ^hoolhoy bands and	departing	with
the right side ol the neck and the re- across from loft to right. This sev-	by the trade ia one which holds a	enced American correspondent gives	sungs an(j	Hpparent gladness. The
mainiiiK fingers on the left side; ers the bridge vein and the bird	| single layer of twelve birds. The fob	a general impression of the condition'	ll0ys from	the higher classes of the I What Is Going On In the Highlands
grasp the head in the hollow ot the bleeds freely. Then place the point of	lowing dimensions may be found of	of Germany to-day. He notes a	schools are	being trained voluntarily
hand with the fork of the lingers be- the knife at the end of the groove in	l*st* m having the material cut to	change from the overbearing spirit	a|| over	country. In the garrison
hind the head where it joins the neck, the upper mandible, holding it in a	size. The figures given are the inside	of Prussianism which formerly pre
Hold the legs against the left hip. and line with the eye, and drive it into measurements in inches.	vailed among officials and the army
Methods of Killing Poultry
YEAST
I
The following article, by T. A. Benson, issued by the Live Stock Branch, Department of Agriculture, Ottawa, will be of much interest to many of our readers:
MAKES PERFECT BREAD
Dislocation
FROM OLD SCOTLAND
has
BANKS AND BRAES
and Lowland» of Auld Scot I#.
towns there are more soldiers than
,	.....	. .	.	in time of peace. In a small residen-
2.	i 71l. an?’ e<m)bined with this change, a tia| town in ^e south, the peace gar-
wood-sides, 7/lb; universal determination to prosecute rj9on of 1>600 ha(i been increased to
the war to a succeaaful iaeuc, however] eooo. and , notice<| „ similar „
long the struggle ami however great tion in other p|aceg The Land,turn,,.	t
the sacrifices:	has not yet been called upon for any m Kilmarnock have voluntarily signed
At the frontier station our pass- niilitary service proper	the war teetotal pledge,
ports were closely scrutinized, and The military resources of Germany Ptt?- w- Hugh of Carnoustie, Fifth our belongings thoroughly examined. are stin enormous. The confidence j	Watch Territorials, has been
We ourselves were searched and of the people is not however, based awarded the D.C.M. for bravery in Case No. 1 is for chickens weighing subjected to a series of oral examina- upon any expectation of great and de- the held.
(plucked) from .1 to 3V4 lbs. each. tions by various officials. In the cîsîve victories, such as were hoped Linlithgow School Board has adopt-Vase No. 2 is for chickens weighing crowd were detectives waiting to note for at the beginning of the war. ed a proposal that free books and (plucked) from 3% to 4 lbs. each.	the slightest variations in the replies	stationery be granted in all State-
Vase No. 3 is for chickens weighing given to different questioners. We	'	*	owned schools.
knew that these detectives had trav- Heligoland AN as Once Good Size. | Damage amounting to several hun-
NO' ' " thkk~
isM?! imii'sPsSil
pai	brand or trade maik.	••Well." I said to one official, "1 reduced In area to four square miles. Two ¦"«» of undergrowth have
suppose there will be no further dif- Erosion by the sea has been the cause been burned and a large quantity of
Acuities in the way of travel, and of the gradual effacement. The wear- trees, principally Scots firs, damaged
that all the stories told abroad about ing away has been chiefly from the 118 the result of a serious fire in Rich-
Overcrowded lftck of food and other difficulties in north-eastern side, into which the sea orn ^ ood, Dalbeattie.
The death has occurred at his reel-
Over 600 employes of the Edinburgh corporation are serving with the colors.
From 600 to 600 soldiers stationed
Thickness of ends, 9/16.
A
/
( A
No. 1.-21% x 16 x 4-3/16.
No. 2.—23-3/16 x 16-% x 4-5/16. No. 3.—24-13/16 x 17-6/16 x 4-S No. 6.-26% x 18 x 6%.
/
I

i\

/
( r
4'
r
(plucked) from 4 to 4^ lbs. each
)
(pluckvil) from 4% to 5% lbs. each
f-
/
/




t
à
!£
V.

Fig. 1.—Correct Method of Holding a Fowl preparatory to Bleeding

BRITAIN’S SEA TRAFFIC
the head near the right thigh or knee, the brain, at the point where the base bend the head back as far as possible of the skull joins the spinal column.
and dislocate the neck with a sudden Give the blade a quick half turn, thus Fressure Relieved on
=sB>;2H 3SSSbss “2s—“ ®ES2£3S
sssks?, mmmmm W" mm
house at the Royal Albert dock, to thought highly detrimental to discip- every (lay
contain 500,000 carcasses.	line.	“But that is nothing for you to cry
There is every indication, however, When alluding to this change in about,” exclaimed the good friend, that even these enlarged facilities conversation with Germans, I was al- “Yes it is,” cried Mrs. Newwed, will he pushed to their utmost ca- ways told that the German army is bursting into tears afresh, “be-be-pacity as the autumn comes on. The now a real people’s army. The war, cause I took my picture out of his autumn and winter are normally the i I was informed, has played havoc ba-bag before he started ju-just for busiest seasons in all the ports of with the “parade elements.” northern Europe. The war situation Guards and other crack regiments in its place.” will accentuate the position created have been badly mauled again and by the ordinary increased flow of again by the enemy. The flower of business. Moreover, several new the Junker officers have fallen and, liners are asking for berths in Lon- in their place, able men have been don.	promoted without much regard for
Government purchases of Indian their previous rank. Even privates wheat have commenced to leave In- are said to have entered, into the dia for London, and large shipments class formerly so of timber are promised from Nor- ! Commissions have been WSgian ports
Bleeding
r,
ilV
,
"" 11K %
new
/

*
The highest altitude ever reached by an airship is 10,600 feet.
/41
i
t
I
m

“Khaki" is a Hindustani word, de» The ft jo-joke and put one of mother’s rived from the Persian word “khak,M
tÊÊÊl	meaning earth, or dust.
m
COBR.CC7 cor
\
ill
GROOVE //V
Koor OE MOiSTTt
l
ill Ik

A


/

if;..*
v.
i

t
EYE
END OF BEAK

circumscribed
Hi

X
IP——given to a | It is also stated that i number of Jews. Besides, the depleas soon as the numerous cargoes of tion of the corps of professional of-supplies for Russia are out of the fleers has automatically given greatway at Archangel, that port will be-1 er importance to the reserve officers, gin shipping heavily to London More
n #•
y
!»
/

v i
Iriîffif
y


X
who are now the mainstay of the sugar is expected shortly military organization. The whole Mauritius to replenish the personnel of the army, officers and stocks kept in storage along the Lon- men alike, has changed. At many don waterfront.	points of the front, the formations
The great rush of wool ships has are composed even of Ersatz receased. Foodstuffs in store are serves.
abundant _ The stocks of practically “Thus," a German friend explained
.............................. _	_______classes of goods necessary for the to me, “we have now a class of offi-
i support and comfort	of the people	cers composed of men who, less than
bridge vein,	which takes a slanting	very short time.	Scalded poultry	will	are larger	than they	were in June,	a year	ago, were barristers, teachers,
course across the base of the head, not keep as long as dry picked poul-	1 engineers, and men of business, and
As the bird hangs head downwards, try, and does not command as high a	--------*-------- the new soldiers are of the same qual-
breast towards the operator. The price on the best markets.	The general management nf the ity- Tke military machine has ac-
junction of these veins may he found As soon as plucked, gently squeeze Suez Canal is conducted from p«,t. nuired a somewhat different charac-on the left side, a little behind the the chicken so a to completely empty	‘	* ter. It is now the people who are at
eye. (Fig. 1.).	the intestines, place its legs along	----- war; men taken from their families
In	order to operate	properly the	side the breast,	then	breast down-	England,	France, and Russia pos-	and aB	kinds of civ*l occupations, not
bird	should	be hung	either in a	ward, force the chicken	down into	the	sess about	six times	as many sub-	merely	youn* 8oldiers without strong
spreader or by a cord to which a angle of the shaping board.	’ marines as Germany.	family or civil ties, commanded by
professional leaders forming an exclusive caste.”
\J,
v
A
f rom


I* ig. 3.—Dir h am of head with lower jaw removed.
«

AN ICE CREAM BRICK
Solves the Difficulty.
C I TY DAIRY ICE CREAM put
In attractive boxes is as popular with the guest as It Is convenient for the hostess.
It is the ideal summer dessert.
No Landslurm Yet.
These changes and the earnestness of the moment have subdued the tone of Germany; but they have also—at least up to the present—had the effect of increasing the internal strength, the singleness of mind, the faith in the military power of the country. Those who have had no experience of compulsory service cannot perhaps understand the meaning of this change.
Yet the significance of the change should not be misunderstood. The subdued tone corresponds to a grim determination to continue the struggle to any length, to endure any sacrifices until the end. People long, for peace, certainly, especially in business circles and among the work-classes; but no one bekeve* that peace will come soon, and there is no ouestr of going back until in a phrase which I heard again and again as a sort of watchword—“the safety of the Empire has been secured and the German natter h's vindicated its rightful po it on The effoi t to

hW
up

I»


* I
#i
>i
I

• «
iV
A
i

/
e/
z
s^y

av
«I
A
/j
4
v>
I or sale by discriminating shopkeepers everywhere.






T
r>;


mg



X
the Sign.
5
TORONTO.
fvV,
world.” the country
Fig. 3 - A case of well dressed poultry, attractively packed.
Wo want an Agent In every town.

###PAGE###7###
J
\
corner post to close to the top of
mm
™,S « 2 tSp.'"a*wi“»«<.JdfÏ	Ivr ntlLhi-g wire.
rétstaf- if J& - S3j*s=a
?	* t fK	n,8 the on'>' th<* resetting of the corner Cream Sponge.—Dissolve one and
^	. ,,	^ j .posts being heavy. Each has its a half tablespoonfuls of granulated sweetening to tasteH
oreaony ones useu to oo.	advantages, and these ahe the mat gelatin in two tablespoonfuls cold possible, to use a sugar syrup to
‘Anchoring the lence.	ters for the consideration of every water. Beat in two cupfuls cream sweeten it.^J3tand on the ice until
To-day wire fencing ban reached farmer—questions that he ‘ must until stiff. Fold in one-half cupful ready to serve, and then add a little a fitafte of high efficiency. llhe solve for himself.	powdered sugar. Add the gelatin thick cream to each glass and enough
fence that is generally adopted as	_*_ and beat a few minutes until well cracked ice to fill the glass. For the
standard is one that is about 50	Savage# #f Brazil	mixed. Flavor with a teaspoonful of sweeter varieties of soft drinks, milk
inches in height, and a little bit	*	_	,	*	.. vanilla. Turn into a mold and set shakes and fruit syrups may be used
more is still better. For ordinary In lus account o£ the Roosevelt- jfi -ce box until cojd	To make a milk shake fill a glas?
field fencing a fence that is hog-	Rondon Scientific Expedition to	un-	Ce!ery in Butter Sauce. — Wash	two-thirds full of milk; sweeten it
tight and bull-proof is one of nine	known Brazil, Mr. L. L. Miller	de-	three bunches 0f celery and cut in	to taste with any fruit or with a lit
to ten strands, of about %-inch	a Primitive tribe known	as	^ size pieceg Boil in salted wa-	tie of some strained preserve if you
wire. The first wire may be close thc‘ M™mbiquara who probably re- tejt unti, tender and drain. Beat the have not the syrup. Fill the glass to the ground, the next one three Present the lowest type of civilisa- ,kg of four eggs and add one-half with cracked ice and shake together
inches above it, the third one three	* found	.T ™ I cupful of the cooled water in which i until well mixed.
***
BIHS s ÆMÆrJipr st
* Ut L .	m, f7Ce C°n*rUC" their stronghold; but having ' been economy. It u made by boiling to-
tion that thei good fence remains persiatently Seated with kindness, gether for five minutes one cupful when the little bit extra cost is they have learned to i„ok Upfin him each of sugar and water, two cupfuls
forgotten.	»s a friend, and some of them even of raisins, one-third cupful of lard,
Corner posts are well named the	^ t h hpnrtilv glad to see one-third teaspoonful each of powder-
j'anchor" post* ^ the m^ern	Mature tLe^Nhl&uC ed cloves and nutmeg, one teaspoon-
fence. Upon their being well placed are shortf but well-built, and of a ful of powdered cinnamon and a and well braced depends a great very dark brown color. Clothes are pinch of salt. This must boil five deal of the efficiency and durabil- absolutely unknown to them, and vir- minutes after it begins to bubble, lty of the fence These should tua„y the only ornaments in their Let cool and add one tablespoonful of either be of good, solid cedar, of possession are strings of beads that soda dissolved in a little warm water heavy reinforced concrete, or a they had received from Colonel Ron- and two cupfuls of flour sifted with well-made and efficient metal post. don Some of the men have the nose one-half teaspoonful of baking pow-They should have a solid platform and upper lip pierced, and wear pieces der. Bake in shallow tin, as the at the bottom, big enough and of siender bamboo in the perfora- finished sheet of cake should not be broad enough. The hole made for tjong Their huts, or malocas, are more than one and one-half inches them should be dug four feet long rude structures of grass or leaves, thick. Bake three-quarters of an and crosswise of the run of the and they cultivate small areas of i hour in very slow oven, fence. They should be four feet mandioca; but wild fruits, game, and deep and about two feet in width, wild honey form the principal articles This hole should indicate the size of their diet. Both in hunting and of the crosspieces that are to be jn warfare they use bows six feet tall, spiked to the bottom of the corner made 0f palm wood, and long bam-post and of tho platform to be boo arrows. Frequently hunting placed upon them. The crosspieces parties go on long tramps through should be of 2” x 0” and four feet, long, morticed into and spiked to the post. Upon them should be placed short board*, and the whole set in and loaded with atones a 1 filled up with earth. The next post to this should be a good solid post,
What KM of Fence.
With the
About the Household
BUILDING NEW FENCES
this a case of small bottles does not
Dainty Dishes
Banana Me.—Mix one egg and the come high, yolk of another. Add one cupful of Grape juice and limes make one of sugar, two tablespoonfuls flour, a lit- the most deliciously cooling of sum-tie butter, a scant cupful milk and a mer drinks. Pour into a tall glass banana mashed fine. Bake in one three or four fingers of grape juice, crust and use white of egg for frost- add the juice of two limes and a slice ing on top.	of peel; fill the glass with water to
Waldorf Salad,—Peel and slice two taste—a sparkling water is prefer-large apples. Cut into dice. Use the able—and serve ice cold, same amount of celery and add a Grape juice and lemonade makes a handful of walnut meats chopped fine. Rood combination, and ice cold grape Pour over a rich mayonnaise dress- * juice and vichy makes a very refreshing and serve in a large punch bowl ing drink.
garnished with lettuce leaves.	A ginger ale and cold tea punch is
Potato Soup.—Pare four raw pota- a novel drink that is very good toes and cut in cubes. Add water to Sweeten half a pitcher of cold tea, fill the pan or chafing dish. Cook un- add the juice of a lemon and several til the potatoes are soft. Put in a sprigs of mint. Keep on ice, and at few slices of onion, season with salt the last minute pour in a bottle of
Strain before serving, ginger ale. This should not stand
before serving, as the ginger ale will
There is a whole lot to the question of fencing, and every farmer knows it. Once upon a time an eminent jurist found something that was new to him when he was questioning a witness matter of fences. *tk five acre lot will be the same s**e, no matter what the oh ape of the lot, will it not!” he inquired of the witness. But the witness disagreed. To illustrate the ixdnt, he took a piece of string from his
knotted the two ends to-
points of possible convenience in the matter of planning the fencing of th© farm.
Along tile suies of the vegetable garden should be placed fences that are strung and good and tight at the bottom. They should bo close enough to keep poultry out. There are times when poultry are very useful in the garden, and there are times when their room is worth much more than their company. Birds of the larger breeds, if well fed, will not'"do much harm in a garden, but it is not always the case with smaller poultry, and theee are the hardest to keep out Along each side of this vegetable garden is the right place to plant raspberry, gooseberry, currant and
They will help to
upon the A fence for a
labor of
get her, and placed the string upon his fingers, holding it up in a form nearly square. “This string, your
he said, “is about eight
honor,
inches each way, and is therefore about 32 inches Ion closes a *;*ace of
while it en
and pepper
Creamed Ham.—Chop fine cupful of ham and mix in four table- I lose its sparkle. A rather strong and spoonfuls of grated cheese. Melt not too sweet ginger ale should be one and a half tablespoonfuls butter used for this punch, and blend with equal amount of flour. Iced cafe ou lait is the best drink
to serve if the luncheon is very light, and a little extra nourishment is wanted. To make is properly it seldom is made properly—it should be carefully blended, mixing the coffee and milk well together and
It is better, if
ng, *
about
64 square
inches. Hut if you shape it this way (making it about twelve inches long by about four inches wide), it will still be the same length, but it will only enclose 48 square inchea of area/' And for one of the few times during a long career, the judge bad to admit that the laugh wa* on him.
other bushes, shelter the garden without at the same time shading it too much.
one
The Flower Harden,
What flowers can do to brighten up the home would fill a big volume. They are worth cultivating, growing and protecting, many times over, and the best protection for them is a good fence.
Ornamental wire, or fences of concrete, are worth the trouble and worth the cost. But at the same time a good wire fence makes an efficient protection and affords ideal place for running, climbing vines and plants, and ornamental foliage and flowers, all the way from sweet |>eas to clematis. Even grapes may be planted and cared for with success. Other flowering shrubs may be planted. It is simply wonderful what may be clone with a good wire fence, a spade,'a rake and a hoe, a seed catalogue, and a wagon load of rocks and stone*. It is a case of a little bit of taste, a little bit of labor, and big results—provided that the adeqn protection be afforded in the sh of a good, well-made fence
and
Fencing the 100 Acre Farm.
portions of Ontario
hundred
In many farms of the dominate, and they vary from An outside dimension of 40 rods by 400 rods, to 80 rods by 200 rods, seldom approaching more nearly to an equilateral outside form than
In such a shape of farm, however high the outside line fences may run, considerable cost may still be saved by planning for square fields inside of these line fences, provided that these will work out for convenience in other respects. Farm planning is a matter for the exercise of considerable study, and each farm presents varying aspects of the case for individual consideration.
acre size pre-
an
Ï
the
at ter
Fruit syrups can he made from strawberries, raspberries, cherries or currants. Cook a quart of fruit with a pint of water until well softened then strain and press out the juice through a heavy cloth. When cold, sweeten and dilute to taste, and serve in tall glasses filled with cracked ice
uate
ape
About the stables, and barns, house, orchard, garden, and farm premises generally, there is need and reason fof intelligent arrangement. Convenience here means mort- by many times than in the planning of the with its fields, lanes, etc. Every little bit of added convenience means so much labor avoided, not for once, but for many times, and it works for efficiency, not in one, or two, but in many ways, and throughout years of time.
About the -house premises, fences
About the Orchard.
Fences about the orchard should be high enough and close enough and should be provided with gates placed with an eye to the hauling away of dead trees and branches, of the work of getting right all the way around every tree with the sp/ayer, and also with the ladder, for the work of rescuing the apples. Such a planning of the fence would provide for cultivation, and would prove a protection to the
*
MOTHER OF NEARLY 900
rest of the farm
A Remarkable Houghton Goose
Mr. William Haugh, Close Green, Houghton, near Carlisle, has just lost by death a goose at the well authen-cated age of 56 years.
The goose, whose history was well known to the inhabitants of Houghton and surrounding villages, was bred by Mr. Haugh*» mother, who formerly resided at Close Green, and at the time of Mrs. Haugh's death twenty years ago, the goose, which was named "Jennie," was 36 years of age. On the death of Mrs. Haugh the goose, which was a great pet, became the property of Mr. William Haugh, in whose hands it has been during the whole of the 20 year? since. The age of the bird is thus clearly established as being, as already stated, 66 years.
In addition to its extraordinary longevity, the bird had also established a remarkable breeding record. During the twenty years she has beer the property of Mr. William Haugh think of a variety of soft drinks, and she has regularly hatched at eacl one is apt to fall hack on the old of her two settings during thi standbys—cold tea and lemonade, year from nine to twelve goslings. A Here are a few suggestions to help her last setting last Summer "Jen
nie" produced eight eggs. Two ol Grape juice is an excellent founda- these were taken from her for pre-tion for a variety of delicious drinks sentation to interested friends, and has the advantage of being 8he successfully hatched every one oi healthful. It is much more econo
1
»etr
4-4*. m »T T
* *« N AT TOW
SOTTED U*ES
!
IT SMOuiO BE
Iq no* ceouNO to

i
twite
inOUP
4 W

SA

3
!
Drinks for Hot Weather
ni r
The first warm days are apt to bring with them a loss of appetite and an increase of thirst. So cool
•DADOS
SHOULD
WIDTH Of MOU _

drinks served with luncheon, or in place of afternoon tea, are very acceptable.
However, it is often difficult to
*
At Borrow
the jungle, subsisting entirely on the fruits of their prowess. At night they build a rude lean-to of branches, eat the game, which they roast in a roaring fire, and then stretch themselves on the bare ground to sleep."
The Corner-Post Is well named the “Anchor"
of the modern wire fence.

out the housekeeper
roots under the eod, as well as the set not more than 10 or 12 feet branches above.	away, and with a brace from close
to the ground at the second post, and extending to a point ckuêc to the top of the corner port. This should be crow braced in the opposite way from the bottom of the
are wanted, and they should be planned wisely and well . If house
and orchard are adjoining, it is	Fencing	the Barnyard,
best to have fence» so pLaced that , plan„ing (or better fence» fare stock may be allowed in the ^^e stable, and barn», one of
orchard without at the same tfflW he firat considerations is a real.za-approaching too close to the houae ^	, the dangere and waste of
or interfering with the flower gar- h y Ivstem of dumping the ma den_ In regard to a vegetable	froi ^ atable right in front
garden, many prefer to have one , ^ atable doors. The of the permanent order, close to ^tor plan than thi,-that of in-
srsatsetir re «5 isrsati'SfrrüK
equally true that many other,, and	e]1 Qut with	,itfcer
especially those requiring earher	the lnanure may be taken
planting, cannot be grown in thi. (urtber afield and	up..,,
s solid bottom, that will conserve the liquid manure, and keep filth from the «table
Rather Tame.
Guest (departing from party — “We’ve had a simply delightful time."
Hostess—“I’m so glad. At the same time, I regret that the storm kept all of our best people away."
anc
the remaining six. The whole of thew mical to put up your own grape juice iive(| and thrived, and, fed with i each year, but if you have not done view to the Christmas table require
ments, they were sold, at that tim< in Carlisle market—birds ranging from 151b. to 171b. in weight per lb.
Although “Jennie” was not a big goose, her eggs were seldom unfertile and her progeny invariably “scaled’
HMK
t M
i»
re is a
GERMAN PRISONE RS-OF-WAR
ATTEND COMRADE’S FUNERAL
m
Taking, therefore, her rearing of goslings at the modest average of 16 per year, in her two settings during that period, and assuming that she commenced breeding in the usual course in her second year, “Jennie’" must in her 56 breeding years have mothered something like 860 goslings. The remarkably long life of “Jennie" is partly attributed to the fact that her mother was of a Spanish variety, which are supposed to live longe: than English breeds of geese latter, however, are seldom allowec to demonstrate their tenacity of race seeing that as soon as they begin tc exhibit signs of a diminished interest in their “clocking" they are generally plucked for the market.
“Some people said that when ‘Jennie* died," remarked the present Mrs. Haugh to a “Cumberland News" representative, “that we should her to Tullie House, but as she war born on the place we thought sh< should remain on the place and w< buried her in the orchard."
It is interesting to note that wher “Jennie" attained her jubilee * si* years ago, her picture was painted b> Mr. David Ingles, a Selkirk artist and nephew of Mr. W. B. Creighton of Scotland Road. Stanwix, in whose n the pai ng still remain*.
ILI
The picture shows the funeral of a prisoner-of-war who died at one of the detention camps near the mouth of the Thames, and was buried with full military honors. His comrades were permitted to follow the body to the grave and act as pall bearers.

wax
The Vegetable Garden.
Close to the house, close enough away to be very convenient at all times, should, be wide and should be placed the vegetable gar should come in close enough to the den. Of course, a southern expo- stables at the aides to make it prac sure and a southern slope, with tical to close it up with gates and good protection upon the north side thus prevent animals from simply the best, if it can be planned for. running round and round the prem -If, at the same time, it is possible ises when it is desired to drive them to have it close to the stable, but into the stable protected from poultry, as well as be ample room at the rear of the from north winds, so much the bet- barn to make room for teams, ter. Like the fields where economy of labor is developed to a
grec, the shape of the vegetable	but to	he put.	when necessary,
garden should be long and narrow,	where	live stock	cannot get	entan
This formation permits of the use gled amongst them.
:l	™
ing. instead of palveriling the soil Next should come the question of by hand, to say nothing of.hauling a number of paddocks. These should the manure spreader in at one end	be adjacent to	the stable
and out at the other—all of which	should	be of good size, and
the saving of a world of la- so well that neither bull, wtallion, bor and of time. To facilitate all nor board, can make the sliab of this, it is best to have ample dint upon them. They call provision made in the construction strong poets, heavy wire, at least the fence. At each end of the No. 9, which is capable of with , narrow, vegetable garden standing a strain of 1,500 to 1,800 Id be placed wide swinging lbs. per strand, and there should gate#, and if the garden is to be a be at least a height of 11 bars, rgv one it ia best to have the gates with stays st least 12 to every rod double, so as to open np wide Oates and posts d d be excep enough to permit horses to go right '	There are few
through ]<i< wing from J to eod thing» that pr ve <-f more constant and turning outside. Up-to-date »nnd permanent convenience* about wire or iron gates will make ideal, the farm thdh two or three or more
is It is one of the I of these paddocks.
3
This yard roomy, but
vl. t

1
i
Thi
4

E jm.
M


SuS
K,. •
t

»
There should also

t
a
/*
16
.1

X
èàJ 1
ns and other implements—not to left out for weeks at a time—
rà
£

*
1
/%/
/
§

i





X
\
\ards,
fen

me
test
for
P
/ y
g
•hou
+
New Zealand’s annual reven equal to flO per head of her popula tion; China’s annual r to 2

ue is equa
Pi
h,
>
6zl\

Off
ei Oh, th

eigh


V
it's my watch be
i
excuse m
Old Lady
On
! F«
lo
###PAGE###8###
May Restock Water*.
A survey of waters in the vicinity of Toronto with a view to determining whether or not they can be stocked with ilsh will he undertaken by the Ontario Department of Game and Fisheries this summer
BREVITY OF ENGLISH.

île Manille Bon ail Sloe Store
Its Advantage In This Respect Over French and German.
In nu luti*ruaU<iiHil report, printed in Iwnllel columns in French, (ieiimtn • ml English. the II»roe versions being •xnct translations of each other, the
Mr. A
Sheriff, Deputy Minister of the de parin It, said r- ntl| that tcrs would be examined to see if English report In variably finished Unit; they would provide food for tieh sometimes it won by a whole page. A4
and what kind of fish would thrive a rule, the French report was the most in them. If circumstances warrant UiTupc it fry will tii' ii bn pia< in the streams and ponds ultimately to provide food ior the table.
New Styles
wa-

Speeials for this week.
This brevity of English Is partly ex plained by (lie fact that English Is made up to an extraordinary extent of words of one syllable. Its nouns having (unlike the Uvrmatu lost all their lufieetiom* except the possessive ' s,"
w
ran Boots, reg. from ,¦»;{..*>0 to .<.',.00. lliis week only $2.50. This is one of the y rent-sst SNAPS of the
u- pan

i
A nice assortment of the latest styles in
liev. Dr. (Jordon Honored.
Men’s and Tenths’ Hats
Rev. D. M. Gordon, D.D., prlnd-l of v -n's Univtnity. bas , been made a companion of the Order mvo bvcvme ,l,vre ro°ts, « very large
proportion of them wonoey liable. In
season
of St. Michael and St. George Gordon is a ripe scholar and has been prlnicpal and vice-chancellor of Qu< on's *ln ;e 1902 of Nova Scotia, where he was born ll lv i
at reasonable prices.
IT
Germany u tmmos> l.'nblc root practically always gets an extra syllable lie Is a native lacked on by way of case ending. In
the second place English has little of the claborutc and explicit machinery of structure that French has, so it saves spnee in prepositions and such paraphernalia. Instead. English has what the grammarians call incipient agglutination—that Is, sticking words to-getlH?r In groups without either prepositions or case endings to connect them.
An example of the former kind of brevity is a word like "earthquake/* two syllables, compared with the German "erdbeben," three syllables, and the French "tremblement de terre/* live syllables. An example of the terseness of English would be a phrase like, "I have been to the house and have now come back/’ every word a -single syllable. In a telegram this Sometimes you get a bite; sometimes | would be just as intelligible In the form you don't At evening tbe colored gentleman in charge of the shark fishing on the pier goes around and takes in the lines. That in itself is on rare occasions an exciting sport.
Once a New York vacationist was standing on the pier enjoying the sunset after a day's fruitless angling when lie heard a shout from the colored gentleman, who had discovered a shark on one of the lines that had been left out.
The colored gentleman was having i lends the toiivh I trouble In handling the beast, so the the tiithamfw New Yorker went to his assistance.
>onr plmtograph. Together they pulled and hauled at the iu«l mountings, dne In vain. Another man on the pier II. 1mi>u\, Artist, King St. | Joined In, and then the three braced ||||l|||||||||||||||||||||ll||ll||l||l|l||l|||||l||||||| t heir	tugged
for all they were worth. Rut In spite of all they could do the line slipped gradually through their fingers.
Finally all the slack was used up. and the rope, coming taut against the rail, snapped like a thread. The New Yorker has always wished he could have had Just one look at that shark.—
New York Post
pairs Women s Shoes and Pumps
Were regularly sold from #2.00 to $0 00 week for only 95c.
2.*,
Sizes :i and 4.
fin's
Something new and up-to date in
HIs university training was received in Glasgow, Scotland. For many > rs he was prominent
the
OLurch.
Ladies’ Blouses and Collars
liuistry of the Presbyterian
i
HOOKING A SHARK.
will be found at
It’s an Exciting Sport Even if One Doesn’t See the Fish.
Fishing for sharks off the pier at Tabu Reach Is a Rrobdlngnaglan sport You lish with clotheslines and n book the size of a spilt anchor. Half of some great fish is slipped on your book for bait. You throw it off the pier and fasten the end of the line to the railing and then take out your detective story and read.
E. B. CAYLEB’S, PORTAGE DU FORT.
15 pairs Boys’ Boots.
to 12.50. This week only 95c.
Were regularly sold from #1.50
Come early and get some of
these SNAPS.
Just Received I
A carload of Corrugated Iron Roofing
—which will be supplied at about old price.
Roofing and Sheeting of all kinds
“Been house now back.” You cannot carry that sort of thing far In any other European language.—Manchester Guardian.
THE STATE OF FRANKLIN.
P. E. SMILEY.
>
| It Had a Short Life In What la Now
Eastern Tennessee.
In 17S4 North Carolina, growing lm- | patient of the burden that her western I settlements had imposed upon her treasury and Irritated by the complaints of the people of those sections, passed on act conveying to the federal government all the lands that now constitute tlie state of Tennessee.
The people of the country that Is now easterp Tennessee, feeling themselves left without a government, made haste to organize themselves Into an independent commonwealth, which they called, as a tribute to the Illustrious philosopher, the state of Frank.
These people npplled for admission into the Union; but, the federal government being slow and unwilling to act and North Carolina having repealed the act of cession of her western province to the Union, the state of Franklin came Into very troubled waters for some years.
Some efforts were made to persuade the Kentuckians to Join themselves to the state of Franklin, a provision hnv.
Supplied as customers may require
Estimates turnihhed.
Furnaces and Bathroom Outfits
Always on hand-
v
“SILO BUILDERS"
The aim pit
“f friendship wit I ment of an obligate Vai ions stvI
ft tl

GEO. E. WAINMAN
Send us outside diameter and height of your silo, and let us quote you lowest pi ice for rods and heavy couplings.
MISSISSIPPI IKON WORKS.
Almonte, Ont.
SHAWVILLE.
Î f

Market <" Pulpwood
June School Reports
s. s. N
1, Ar.hKiKi.n
Martha K
The Walker I listillery at Walker-ville is to dost* down practical I v, c ,	,, , ,.
ns a result of the fulling off in the	V,”1 V
demand for whiskey.	i '«rade III
The funeral of John H. Dennis, | Grade II the largest man in Klgin county,, Kruse, required the services of fifteen pall- bearers. The casket weighed oRO pounds.
Grade 1 \
\ugiKt
i
^atcr Yrtch, \li
Five dollars oer cord will be paid by the
undersigned for any quantity of Podlais and Bahswoou Puli’Wood delivered at any siding or station along the Can. Pacific Railway Pontiac branch.
Wood must be thoroughly peeled!**
Mill
tz
lin
Viiul.l Stvmlvi
Klimt
( ir.ulv I Mildred S«h
Walter
oen
MARTEL AND POITIERS.
•?•ring.
Primer t —F Sohnen, Freed.! I leering.
No enrolled 14.
Average attendance 10.
ndtivt includes all.
Mar . vrkt (\ Dual Teach
Krn -*t Yarh, Gertrud*
Dr. Harry Williams of Hamil-Al , s*iot ami killed, it is thought, by Hepxvoith Holmes, a patient, who at once committed suicide. Holmes was incurably consumptive, and it is thought killed Dr. Williams because he refused to treat him.
The Man and Battle That Saved Eu* rope From the Saracen Yoke.
ton, was
A traveler approaching the city of Poitiers. France, would hardly I relieve that It was around the site of that
small city that the battle which saved I Ing been made for such co-operation In N". x ( t. uiknih.n	I all Europe from the Saracen yoke was the constitution of the experiment but
M I	|< tr.td< 1 \ Kenneth Smiley, Lena , fought. The man who commanded the they came to nothing. The new state
It is reported that the British	Harry Wallace, Jessie 1 )iimdl, French in that great battle was gradually fell to pieces, and In 1787 Its
gunners are shooting more shells VX/.H> Somerville, Annie S ancrville, I Charles, who afterward received the brilliant and able governor, John Sein an hour than all	the	Canadian '1‘irie,	Lyla	Brownlee,	Jean	j surname Martel, “the hammer,"	from	vler, was put on trial for high treason,
factories combined	can	turn out	Cameron.	his mighty prowess In that fight	He was released by a daring rescue
in a day. The artillerymen are Gr.uie III Sulla Brownlee, Venla He bafiled the Saracen Invasion by | and subsequently pardoned and restor-11,1 * ^G.i vagaut in	their use, for,	Horner, Edith	Fine.	his great victory at Poitiers. The	Sar-	I ed In name to the leadership, which be
îany a* tm-y *hoot,	the	German*	yr*ie II-	Marshal	Tdb.nl,	Hosic	aeons had mastered nil Asia and	con-	never lost In the affections of his peo-
6	* •	• inore.	( igilvie, Florence Horner, Gladys Itohi- qoered Spain. Nothing could with- P*c. In 37S7 the last legislature of the
tes E$;ME;E2
do which swept OVef tile regionrT^'v, „ ,	determined {o conquer nil Europe lo	N.pol.en-. Confident
from Nebraska to Ohio on Wed Ditnerll Herbie Robitaille, Adliue tui name of the Prophet. Spain bud Just before his marriage Napoleon re-uesday night. The property dam"	s<,,at‘rvi,,t	fa,,eu' and France was next. The two	|	reived the appointment of	commander
age runs up into the millions.	I‘r»|acr 1 Doreen Telford,	Mary Wal-	* notes met at Poitiers. The strife was
Some villages and small towns	,act*’ ^or,l,ai1 Gainemn.	bloody, for the Saracens had the pres-
weie almost wiped out. In the	VeciLtA J. Abuvk, Teacher. tige of former victories and the ad-
town of St. Charles, East Missouri. |----------- vantage of numbers; France had the
Itti blocks were demolished. Fifty	wisdom of Martel. That wisdom trl-
persons are reported killed. Of	NOTICE	umphed, and the Mohammedan was | era It."
this number .‘13 were residents of I	hurled back, n broken power. This	“In	one year," Napoleon	replied,	*1
t incmnnti, where many buildings	I hereby forbid any |ierson	or	persons	victory saved Europe from want and	|	shall	be old or dead. '
were wrecked.	I from giving credit in my name to my desolation, for the brave people would I “We can place you la command of
have suffered anything sooner than men only," said Carnot, “for the troops embrace Mohammedanism. The great are In need of everything, and we champion of Christian civilization lived can furnish you with no money to niue years after his famous triumph provide tuppli at Poitiers and died In the year 741.—
Irish World.
I il H N I
CAMPBELLS BAY, QUE.
Hidden
Things
In chief of the army of Italy. He wee then twenty-six. "Yon are rather young." maid one of the directors, "to assume responsibility so weighty and to lake command over veteran gen-
9 The suit you buy consists of more than is shown on the surface.
9 It may be only skin deep, but if so you 11 be a disappointed man.
9 Value giving in a suit includes more than outside pearance. There are a lot of unseen things that must count right if you would have a suit that will give complete satisfaction.
q The success of Hobberlin clothes consists in their thoroughness in every little detail —outside and inside—in all those unseen things that make clothes wear.
<J You’re always sure when it’s
s Hobberlin suit. Every suit tailored to measure
3ppiSlS^“
of hi* cell door while the jailor ¦» back was turned, sustaining a com-isiund fracture of the skull. The police got |possession of Holt’s
trunk in which were 134 half-, „	..	.
iHMii.d >tick- of dynamite with Comparison more than reality makes
which they believed he planned i men hnPPJ and etn mnke ,btm wrecking public buildings in New | wretched.-Feltham.
York and other cities. Sus pit that the man’s real name was Encle Muenter, a former Harvard instructor, who
>•
JAMES NEWTON
“Give me only men enough,'* Napoleon answered, “and I ask for nothing more; 1 will be answerable for the result."—“Table Talk and Opinions of Napoleon Buonaf>arte.“
Shaw ville, July iz, 1915
•P-
Ferce of Drops of Water.
It seems almost incredible that so small n thing as a drop of rain should Injure the propeller of no aeroplane, but such is the case. At eo great a speed does the propeller revolte-1.200 revolutions a minute as a matter of fact—that a rain drop hits It with such enormous force as to chip n piece of the wood away. Some idea of the hardships entailed by flying through the rain at sixty miles au hour may be gathered from the fact that an aviator who recently went through such an eil*»rlenoe, alighted with the edge of i;ls j>roj>eUeT fretted ns though It bad been gnaweJ by fab* The rain drops had chipped pieces out of the blades and also bruised the aviator's face, owing to the force with which they hit against Ids flesh.-London Spcctl-
Pure Bred Arab Horse*.
In Cairo there is u society for preserving the pure bred Arab horse. It Is said that recent changes In the lives and habits of tlie Bédouins have re suited In the deterioration of these horses. A practical horseman of wide experience says that as a rule the A rah horse Is now no I teller fronted than our own horses, whatever may Imve lirvn true of the old days when such |stems at "The Arab to His Steed" were writ
ton*
Fine Language.
As a rule the educated native of HH ¦ was a reused of I West Africa, like his Indian brother, i tot toning Ida wife in HJOft, Imve loves high flown language. A clerk l>eenconfirmed.	j some time ago sent a report complain-
ing that the carbines of the police at bis station often misfired how be put it: "It Is ridiculous to report that the firearms of the police »hen jointed M thg firms men t refuse fo glvfexrTosTve * uni77— London Saturday Review.
A terribly ni<1 and shocking ¦ rident befell n party of exettr-Hioiiists from the Toronto Sunday Schools of the Wood green Methodist aud 8ti John* Presbyterian Churches, while returning home on Wednesday la*t, near tjiieens-V>n. C oming down a steep incline that lead* to a sharp curve, the
over crowded car on the Niagara falls Park and River Railway, jumped the track and crashed into a trolley pule, with the result that sixteen persons were killed and about ninety were injured, motorman in charge of the says he did his best to stop it but the rail* were slippery and the brakes refused to work.
ne
This Is
ten
A Troublemaker.
"Why did you fell my wife that before I met her I promised to lore you forever T*
"Well, didn't your*
"Snrt I did. but tbat's no kind of eon remit km to go to a man's wife w It Is.**— Pittsburgh Dispatch.
Of the Past.
Geologists say that several species of man have entirely disappeared from tbs earth
ciee Include the nice old gentleman who used to pull off his boots of an evening with the help of the bootjack. —Chicago News.
tor
Doubt I
last spe-
f
Ask to see the
Antiquity of "A Regular Shindy.*
The Antiquity of many familiar terms Is surprising when It Is known. Many people are not aware that "Whit the dlc^ona!" occurs In Shakespeare, but fewer still will be prepared to bear that the phrase “a regular shindy** Is found In un author's note to a poem called "The Popish Kingdom.** pub limbed in 1570, A writer quotes this note, which refers to the celebration
of Maundy Thursday, "Midnight sere- _	__ ...
low nr, held In church, lb* I**» an. Tn7^	7“* t TL "
gjrasvsss j rjsiSic
Hobberlin Bus» teese Men's suit
The
os r
Fulfilled.
Mrs. Gnaggs-Before we were married you need to any you could listen to my sweet votes nil night Mr. (Innggs — Well, at tbit time I bed no Idea I'd ever have to do It-Judge.
at
The Fourth Estate.
The expression "fourth estate" was first used by Thomas Carlyle and was applied to the editors during the period of the French revolution.
$20
FOR SALE
Registered Holstein Bull—(Ja«k I ht Butter Boy II) 3 years old. fir*t prise at Shawville Exhibit: 19141
Sole Agent for Hobberlin Tailoring
Net a Bout Winner.
Impudent.
Registrar-Row old are you. madam? She-I've seen nineteen sum Registrar-How long h*re you been blind?—Brooklrn Basle.

on i it
sir,
I
i
ARCHIE DOVER.
to
I H
OS. A. HADES,
it. R. No, 1, Shawville

