###PAGE###1###
f
4
O
No, 7, 33it j Year,
SHAW VILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE., THURSDAY, AUGUST 5
1015
81.00 A YEAR IN ADVANCE.
The Bank of Ottawa
Tlie Merchants BanK of Canada
THE HARDWARE STORE
ESTABLISHED 1874
Head Office : - Ottawa, Canada.
S 4,000,000 4,078,200 60,000,000
I
Established 1864
OFFICER# :
Sir 11. Montagu Allan, . .. K. W. Blackwell ......E. F. IIlbdkn
Capital Paid Up	•
Rest and Undivided Profits Total Assets over •
PRESIDENT .. . VICE-PRESIDENT GEN. MANAGER
BINDER TWINE
Paid up Capital............. ..	.
Reserve Fund and Undivided Profits Total Assets.......................
209 Branches and Agencies In Canada-
A SAVINGS BANK ACCOUNT
Of One Dollar and upwards draws Interest at best current rates
$7,000,000
7,245,140
80,100,400
Board of Directors t
JOHN B. FRASER
HON. GEORGE BRYSON,
President
SIR HENRY N. BATE, DAVID MACLARBN,
RUSSELL BLACKBURN, DENIS MURPHY,
SIR HENRY K. EGAN, HON. SIR GEORGE H. PBRLEY,
B. C. WHITNEY.
Vice-President
The Playmouth Make
GBORGB BURN, General Manager.
D M. FINNIB, Aast-General Manager W. DUTH1B, Chief Inspector.
There is none better, very few as good. There will be stacks of it wanted this season, better order early.
Branches at Shawville and Quyon.
ACTING MANAGER
W. F. DRUM
Fort Conlonge Branch • B. F .'CHILTON, Manager. Campbells Bay Branch • R. LEGER. Manager. Portage da Fort Branch • A. H. MULHERN, Manager
“Business as Usual”
has made tf|e attendance at the /I COWLING A5T /)/>
i
. On your vacation take a kodak with you. Brownie Cameras from SI.00 uj>. Eastman film* ami supplies. Mail orders promptly attended to.
H. ImihoN, King St.
Carleton Wainman, non of Mr. (’lias H. Wainman, was taken to the hoMpital last Saturday and ancoeesfully operated on for appendicitis.
HENRY’S
SHORTHAND SCHOOL! Haying and Harvesting Tools.
If you want a picture of the Academy and punils secure one now while the price is low. An 8x10 picture for 50c.
H. Imihon.
A new and beautiful line of silk and knitted neckties of popular prices, just arrived at Dover’s.
A complete line of
I

Ottawa. Ont
OTTAWA, ONT
Since January. 1913, more than 235 student* Im e come io us from other local business colleges.
Our Civil Service record of FIRST. SECOND, and FOURTH places for all Canada has never been equaled.
Do not these facts indicate undoubted superiority t
Onr instruction being individual may begin at any time.
We have again to ask those of the best In the history. Why not take Our readers who have not paid advantage of the dull times and prepare their subscriptions for this year for the wave of prosperity that U hound
to do so now. The coin is needed
The wild raspberry crop to be an abundant one tli The fact does not seem to have particular bearing on the
J. H. SHAW.
A budget of notes from Lower Litchfield is withheld this week because the publisher's rule has’nt been observed—the writer’s name does not accompany incidence, as required.
to sweep over the Great Country when the war is overt

FT*
ti'J
is said
Write for Free Catalogue
is year
the cones
you
H. G. W. Braithwait, W. E. Gowmn» Prie
y
price
Mil
Prin
D. E. HENRY. President. Cor. Bank and Sparks Sts
A number of Shaw villi tes attended the -uvinl at the Brick Church The little axe. advertised last un Monday evening. They report week way picked up by Mr. David that a good supper was served up Hudgins of the 7th line, and and an excellent program present- promptly returned to this office The receipts of the evening after the ad. was noticed, amounted to something over #140.00.
W. A. HOGGING
Births
At Shawville, Sunday. August 1st, to Mr. and Mrs. Norman Smith, a daughter.
ed
SHAWVILLE
Iff	BUSINESS	—
W ILLIS COLLEC F
W W CIVIL SERVICE ¦
The School of Efficiency for those who demand the best Catalogue on request.
N. I. HARRISON, Principal.
Cor. Bank and Albert Sts.
OTTAWA, ONT.
I Dr. Armstrong and Messrs. J.	I
i Turner, Win. Hixlgins and Jas. R. I At Portage du Fort, on July 30, Parties sending notices to this Horner attended the funeral of to Mr. and Mrs. Geo. A Moore, a iwper announcing socials or enter- the late Thomas Murray, at Pern- daughter tainments of any kind, the object broke on Saturday morning.	—
of which is to raise money, are
requested to remit the sum of fifty The brethren of the I. O. O. F. ,	.
cents with such notices, bthei wise will attend service at the Presby-1UHUgiuer they will not appear. Our adver- teiian hall on Sunday afternoon timing space is our stock-in-trade, next, and also visit the cemetery We cannot afford to give it away, for the purpose of decorating the
_	_	e	graves of de;wu tcd members. ,	...	,,	. . .,	¦	_
Campbells Bay Rural Mail Route	Miss Muriel Beamish, Renfrew
No. 2, which covers the territory Mr. Ernest Gabonry, Advocate, was the week-end guest of Miss A hitherto served by Coll field and <>f Campbells Bay, who for some Turner.
Morehead post offices, came into] weeks past has not been fulfilling Mr. John Shea, Dunraven. was existence on Monday of this week. 11,IH Shawville Saturday apprint- in town on Saturday last
EggHpEHg, SsHS iP I ^EF-«™
last by the young--	* u _
dona Id College a ta ff
At Charte ris, Que., on July to Mr. and Mrs. C. D. Wils
31st, son, a
Personal
IV|id-Summer Bargains
r
Make your kodak story autographic. Late ami title every negative «it time of exposure $7.00 up.
Carefully read this list of
REDUCTIONS
Autographic kodaks from H. I mi son, King St.
---	— „------ men of Mac- : July 12th, 13th and 14th, which
dona Id College staff, who are en- j contain much information on the gaged here this summer. Quite a wai. number of the young folk of the village and visitors
store
Mi
^¦¦Mills Clarke, Ottawa, i<
-, war	, spending a week or two with his
ej *	cousin, W. 8., at Morehead.	I.08T -»• Somewhere between Peter
tü*s3Lli?. SfuJSfiK bST rS I	«"*
Miss Shouldice, pianist, of Ottawa. 2 are requested to advise this A very pleasant time was spent. I °"\ce °f the fact by post card, in
order that we may alter our lists to suit the change.
4 only Silk Blouses worth $3.75
for $1.88.
10 only White $1.00 Blouses
Mr. Cimnmglmm, of Montreal, i
FOR SALE—Two purebred Ayrshire the guest of Mr. E. B. Gayler, of bull calves—choice animals. Apply to Portage du Fort.	J James Armstrong. Green Like.
Messrs. Earl Elliott and Dave Extensive preparations are be-1 Kelley spent the past week hulling made for the big celebration in daying at Otter Lake.
Mr. R Mi Mar, L L. L, of Bryson, is the exhibition grounds here on Mrs. Gilchrist, of Kinburn, Ont., giving |10 for the best three acres of ; August 12. The local horsemen arrived last week on a visit to her Spring Wheat in Pontiac Co. All those on the committee have made much brother, Sir. R. J. Hamilton, wishing to compete for this prize please needed improvements oil the track notify Macdonald College Demonstra- which is now in much better lion Branch, Shawville, on or before dition.	%
Saturday, August 7th, so that their field may be judged. No entrance fee.
N. B. —When entering your field in this competition please state when you want it judged.
for 50c
$10 for best Field of Spring
Wheat.
FOR SALE—A quantity of good eating potatoes. Apply to W.
• th line, Shawville P. O
12 only nice Print Blouses
A. Armsthox
for 39c.
FOR SALE—1 12 H. P. Waterloo Steam _	Engine in good running order. Terms
Smiley s spent the past week holl- reasonable. Will take some young cattle daying at nis home in Bryson.	in paît payment, and would like to sell
The marked improvement ini Mr. Allen Plunkett, of Aylmer. &2Z, ASP"' 18U>~ jAa- a Clsxn' Mrs. Morrison's condition enabled was a week-end visitor at Green her sons Hiram and Albert, (who | Lake, came home to see her a few weeks
Mr. Ivan Thomson, of P. E
con
All our $1.25 Fancy Parasols
for 75c
. .	A, .	,	, Miss E’thel Gray, of Hull, is visit
ago) to return to their respective fog the Misses Steele at I^t.igh-a- »ew
po*ts lart week, the former to Lot Cottage, Green Lake.	r,g; cost
d,m ' AT'wS'rcrtlV'havÏThê	^	Ontînô.^	S
power plant at "the chute' com- With the mercury well up in the I iwV,,g nt <,ri‘t‘n Lake, «etm ned to plete, the work of construction, eighties, the Shawville Home- <)ttHWa 0,1 Monday, and installing the water wheel maker’s Club were favored with Mrs. Ernest Pan having bçen in hand for some just the right kind of weather last daughter arrived last week from inanufiic-ture Pipe* in their own localI tie*, time. The quantity ot horse Friday afternoon to	fully enjoy	Edmonton on a visit to her par H. T. M<Dowell & Son. Shawville, Que.
power deyehqied is said to be the cool shades of	the maples	«»ts# Mr. and Mrs. J. A. McGuire,
greater than was expected, and where they assembled to hold Mrs. Neely, of Masbam, arrived Mr. \\ il*on will have no difficulty their basket picnic,	and discus*	last week on a visit to her daugh-
in carrying out the proposed ways and means for future opera-	ter, Mrs. O’Hara, accom(milled by
scheme of supplying power to tious.	Miss Young.
otkerhpnVpoîJIi, (if ilXlîojJrt	r""“"	" «"I Mr"' A °- Aores aod nit‘v("
FOR SALE—Single buggy—practically Rubber tire», electric lights; a
$1:6.—win
Also set single harness.
Splendid lot of Val Laces and Insertions
2£c. per yd
Great Ribbon Value. See the assortment
(CONCRETECULVERTS, PIPES AND ,	,	^ curbings for wells sold at Works
and little Contracts made with Municipalities to
10c. per yd.
Big Pile of Remnants at about
HALF PRICE.
Deaths
It becomes our sad duty this week to chronicle the departure of
P ,	--ilV V - ,..... ......,. .¦ ». * another of Clarendon's old re-
honre in Shawville last Thursday, Misses Margaret and Elsie u inter, sldcuts-Mi. Thomas Wilson, aged
Rev. Canon Rollit spent a feu
from i tara lysis after a news. The deceased was a of high character, who enjoy-c esteem and good will of the -1 unity which had known He is survived by Frances Wil
Dress Ducks, Oxford Shirtings, Ginghams etc. See this table at
on
endon. The rev. gentlemen noted °* Miss M J. Clarke, Morehead.
i * marked change in Shawville Private, McMillan, of Portage du ensuing A recent letter from Mi*« Peter since the occasion of his first visit	Fort, who was one of the victim»	j abort ill
Little, of Dinsmore, Snsk., says :— half a century ago. For some	of gas (poisoning at the front. i*
41 Last snturner was very dyr, but days previous to his arrival here	recuperating at ni* old home
it was wonderful how the wheat ('anon Rollit was the giiest of Dr.	Privates Christie Hughes and	com-...
*tood the thought, but the u»t§ | Uan Mel hej. of iniprior. who w*	Qiori» Hnrriii of tbl Mlt upent a	so long
«nd potato crop ww » complete compaoied him to Shawville.	day or two here Ja.t week with	,ig, .l brother (Mr
failure. 1 Ins season we have had	, friends. This regiment is assigned a widow and family of two sons
a great quantit> of rain, and the Mr Noi ri* lhwlgnis. son of our garrison duty in Bermuda, to and two daughters. The funeral crop* look fine that is, where the towwmin, Mr. E. T. Hod gins, was	replace the Royal Canadians, and	to St. Paul’s	Church	on	Monday
Uod has been properly cultivated, the recipient last week of a head-	wfi| wu this week.	afternoon	was	largely	attended,
This country is a grand part for some bronze medal from Macdon-	________ _____ the procession being led by a reraised farming, the winter being aid College, as the reward for hi*	.	preventative body of the Orange
so short that not much feeding work in that institution, he having I	A recruiting officer for the 8th	Order, of which institution	he	had
ha^to be done. Horses roam the taken the highest aggregate for	Mounter! Rifies, which is now be-	been a member for	many	year»,
pralne all winter and come in in the past two yearn. In the year’s	big organized, signed up seven
good shape at seeding time. There work which closed last Spring, men at Campbell* Bay on Satur- Mr. P. E. Smiley received a
pin from Norris had the distinction of lead- day. These recruits went to Ot- message from Hailey bury. Out.. Mr. Os- inr hi* claas, and it may be stated tawa on Monday to undergo exam- ! on Monday, informing him of th,* g\ here that the other students from this (nation On Monday of th* death <»f Henry Tubbe, who <m rird H a Mr locality all passed creditably, previous week six recruits went on the business of grocer and fruit
i which speak» well for Pontiac. from Couionge.	1 dealer here some years ago.
said
only 11c. per yd
11m o
cd the esteem and
him
And best of all, about fifteen pieces of Crepes, Ripplettes, the balance of our stock
an
n)
%
going at 10c. per yd

W. A. HODGINS
are quite a number of ;*eo Clarendon in this ##rt troll and family moved thi* Spring. Our minister Wallace, of Row.”




###PAGE###2###
.
1
FINE TRIBUTE
NEWS FROM ENGLAND '

TO ENGLAND
A

MRS
NEWS BV MAIL ABO ITT JOHN BULL AND HIS PEOPLE.
A SERBIAN WRITER’S GLOWING
WORDS.
MAKES PERFECT BREAD
Pk

ËMmk

Vï
Oeeurrencee In the Land Thai Helena Supreme In the Com. mereial World.
*l«t farmers In harvesting hay
corn.
Mount Felix, Walton-on-Thames *
g###	SS'S-—-'###
¦
MMsmp»
........
HAGS
ninion on the waters! Their battle- The, (,<rmans in short,’ said the  *  other infectious diseases pass daily
ihips would now be at Salonika g(,.nera*’ n*‘ver atart fighting on the	li °?5 !inc8 an.^ rema*n for hours
Kronstadt, Vladivostok, at Naples,’ p"nc,ple of wv have so many men, Where “Round Robin" Originated.	,*t?M?n*.^thou.t ar,y attempt
mhw
not the Germans.	I The official, of the French govern-
Cannot Crush Whole Army. nient used the “round robin” in
«ils I***
mmmm
Great
Britain's Sea Soul of Resistance to Germany.
Power the
or

¦
‘v->Sc>v
V
• *.

The following eloquent tribute to Kngland, moving in its expression of tnu deep faith which nationalities have
tho

%
s

fP


the smaller




'4:
>

ï*
y
of
per



Determination Increased


Ruling the Waves
?
run
was
9
f
among

f
way.
the best strategic positions, which, thanks to these Britons, our possession; but which, without these Britons, had certainly been German hands.
*

sup
An Instance

*
are now in
I he whole eastern i this
V
\
%
on
/
&

\
are
l z
&
ICE CREAM
Bomb Pleasantries.
(IT’S A FOOD)
The consumption of City Dairy Ice Cream is creasing every season. The local dealer has not the facilities, besides he malt es so little that he cannot
faulting shop
keepers every where are selling City Dairy Ice ( ream instead of their own make, and their patronage is increasing because City Dairy Ice Cream is better and the quality is uniform.
in-
?
turn out a uniform Ire Cream. Sheri
on
?
»
>
>
>
ê,
>
Look
for
the Sign
on
mistral
th
nr
TORONTO.
1
as
r
lmott in
each other's arma.
Wo want an Agent In every town.
X


	
###PAGE###3###
i
From the Middle West
RUSSIAN PORT IN POSSESSION OF GERMANS
About the Household
BETWEEN ONTARIO AND BRITISH COLUMBIA.
> i
!
containing one part of ammonia and three parte of water.
A little vinegar rubbed on the eteel party of an oven door, no matter how hadly tarnished with the heat, will brighten it at ogee.
For a nice “pick up/' this is good: Cut rounds of thin bread, butter them and heap with grated cheese. Brown lightly in the oven and serve
ml
!
Vegetable Dishes.
Vegetables supply salts and acids #iat are much needed to keep the system in healthy condition. And especially n warm weather, when a surfeit of meat is undesirable because it gives more heat than the body needs, vegetable dishes that are hearty enough to take the place of a meat dish, for the main course at luncheon
or for a dinner entree, are desirable. ft °"ce- Th%are *ood w,th salad for The wise housekeeper makes vege- luncheon or Sunday night supper tables serve two purposes, now that when the salad course is a hearty one. they are inexpensive and abundant- When roasting a piece of meat the she makes them a means of reducing "«rface should be seared quickly in a the size of food bills and a means of h°‘ °ve" to prevent the juices from
giving health to her family.	, *8CaPln*' Aftef ** haa begun to
For luncheon a vegetable loaf, brown reduce the heat and with a made according to the following re- ! long-handled spoon dip the fat which cipe, is very good. Soak two cupfuls | has collected in the bottom of the pan of fine bread crumbs in a cupful of »nd pour over the meat. If the meat milk for an hour, then add two beat- >• basted in this way every 10 minutes en eggs, two cupfuls of ground pecan *t will be more juicy when finished, nuts, half a teaspoonful of summer	Hat bows affected by rain can be
savory, half a teaspoonful of salt and ; freshened up in the following easy pepper and celery salt to taste. Press and practical manner without taking the mixture into a greased pan and them off the hat:	Take large iron
bake for half an hour, basting fre- »P°on, warm it over a gv. stove or nuently with butter. Use about half lamp with the concave side toward
I the heat. When the spoon is suf-
i
Items From Provinces Where Many Ontario Boys and Girls Are
Living.
•Sr-:

\

f
MU
Winnipeg’s June brides numbered 234, while in June, 1914, they were 372.
X
Z

?
Edmonton claims to lead in the average school attendance of the Dominion.
Annie Anderson, Calgary domestic, lost both feet through falling under a street car.
Edmonton is gathering many recruits for the 66th battalion from the northland.
Winnipeg city council’s grant to the Associated Charities this year will bo $12,000.
Lieut. J. T. Favell, of Moose Jaw, had two brothers killed at Ypres and another wounded.
. 'a



b


;•< s

MM*
ill f UliOIII
J

#3»

ssSSk
mm
mnm
•mi
A >
> A.






ÿ %


Lethbridge street cars take children to the lake for one cent during July and August.
For having had adulterated milk in his possession, E. Muyhart, of Winnipeg, was fined $50.
Twelve new grain elevators of 35,000 capacity, will be ready for the wheat of Alberta this year.
Saskatoon public schools showed an enrolment of 3,301 pupils in June, slightly higher than in 1914.
Prince Albert Board of Trade charges that exorbitant prices are demanded for fruit in that city.
Calgary considers it will be able to
The above view is of the harbor of Libau, in Baltic Russia, showing the Russian vessels taken by the Germans when they occupied the place. In the foreground is seen a German torpedo boat flotilla.
camps; in other camps prisoners sleep on sacks filled with wood shavings, which ere raised up along the walls during the day.
Food regulations are much the same
Back of these considerations is the them overseas to reinforce as units ficiently hot, put it in the bows and German viewpoint concerning “Na- that famous regiment, the Princess pass the parts over the arched side tional destiny,” and war as a means Patricias Canadian Light Infantry, of the spoon. Before the ironing, 0f R* achievement, as set forth boldly These companies are composed of brush and clean the ribbon thorough-	in von Bernhardt's great book, which <	men from the Universities of Can-
ly, slightly dampen the bows, . and	has become, so to speak, the German	ada, the friends of such men, and	in all camps. The basis for the dis-	I
afterward they appear just like new.	Bible. This author asserts that: “In	broadly speaking, from men of that	tribution of food is 2,700 calories
Peaches never make a firm jelly the interests of the world’s civilisa- type.	(heat units) declared by German sci-
that will retain its shape when turned	tion it is our duty to enlarge Ger-	It must be clearly understood that	ence to be necessary	for the mainten-
from a mold, but no jelly is more	many’s colonial empire. Thus alone	they are not all University men, for	ance of a tolerable	existence.
delicious for cake fillings. For jelly can we politically, or at least natian- there are bank clerks, lawyers, archi- This is administered in a form of	,	...
select peaches not quite ripe enough	ally units the Germans throughout	tects, engineers, ranchers and others,	black bread and soup, a diet which	supply free booksi I or^tne public
for eating. Rub off the down with a	the world, for only then will they re-	and it has been found that such men	gives the Canadian prisoner an acute	schools at a cost of $1 ),UUU this year,
rough cloth, cut in pieces, saving pits,	cognize the German civilization is the	pun well together and enjoy military	sense of starvation. If he has money	r”e soldiers of the west in camp
Cover with water and cook slowly,	most necessary factor of human pro-	Ufe to the full. If the existence of	he is allowed to buy extra food and	V*rn™ *8S“e % weekly newspaper
closely covered, until the fruit is per-	gress. Lastly, we must recognize	such a force was known throughout	tobacco in a canteen. The prisoners	of the 4/th Overseas Battalion, U.
fectly soft. Turn into a jelly bag and that the struggle for high ideals, that the length and breadth of Canada, themselves do the work in the kitch- E-	¦	¦¦	¦ # #
hang to drip. When the juice is all the desire for action, in short, war there would be no difficulty in recruit- ens, serve the food and perform all Johu Wc.lr wa”	yr! at
extracted measure and allow to every	itself, is an instrument of cultural	jng a full company within a week.	the other menial tasks in the camps. J** l?81 J8 fe Jr	whlcn
pint of juice a pound of sugar and the	progress.”	The First University Company, un-	They are allowed to amuse them- which he had bought of another man.
juice of a lemon. Set the sugar in! There you have it; and when it is der the command of an excellent lead- selves as best they can by primative *™nk Hardman, insurance agent the oven to heat, and place the liquid	remembered that Nietzsche’s writings	er> Captain Gregor Barclay, has been	theatricals and some	games.	of	Calgary,	suicided	through loss	or
uncovered over the fire. Cook stead-	also have taken great hold on German	for some time in England. An emin-	"When I asked	how they	were	employment	in	the	Dominion	1 rust
ily 20 minutes, add the heated sugar,	thought, in which he expresses his	ent military authority has declared	treated,” says this correspondent, “I	cra!;h-
stir until dissolved, cook five minutes,	ideal as “a war against modern civil- |	{his to be the finest company which	received conflicting answers. One	Noted fossil hunters arc in Red
then strain through	cheesecloth	into	ization in all its forms,” and who	bas ever sailed	from Canada.	general conclusion, I drew, however,	D®er	district,	where	Alberta	holds
glasses. "	preached the gospel of aristreratism,	The Second	University Company	namely, that many are without	relics	of	animal	life of	three	million
pf hatred instead of love, of immoral-	waa composed of men of a splendid	friends to send them gifts of food,
ism stead of morality, we can appro-.	type and was embarked recently at	clothing and other necessities. I was
date the German view-point, and the	Montreal.	much impressed by the desirability of
incentive of her every action. The j	The Third Universities’ Company	one central organization for the dis-
Steaming la An Art	Will It Lead to War?	end justifies the means, if that end ^nd note that the plural is deliber- tribution of gifts to British prison-
Steaming is an unappreciated art. Many people in this country think means the glory and supremacy of aU) ig recruiting with fair rapidity era."
In steaming	both	meat	and	vege-	the last word has been	said,	and	that	German Kultur. With Nietsche, the	and there is	every hope that it	Such an organization is to be found
tables	all	the	juices and	valuable	food	war is inevitable.	4	German citizen contemplates a new	wm reacb the	high mark of success	in the Red Cross of which thousands
elements are retained and not wast-	The recent reply of Germany’s	world, a new humanity—a régénérât-	attained by the first two companies.	0f grateful prisoners of war can say
p,\ in the water as	in boiling Steam-	minister to Pres. Wilson’s last note is	ed, purified and beautified “over man.	There is certainly no difficulty in	with truth, “I was in prison and ye
Ing does notTeem to heat up the far from assuring, and may be sum-	Nietzsche’s “Der Wille zur Macht ”	obtaining officers, but it is harder to	came unto me.”
kitchen so much on the hot summer med up as raising the wrath of	or, will to power, contains the entire	flnd picked men for Sergeant-Major,	The concern of the Red	Cross is,
da\s as having the oven running for Americans still higher at the Kaiser’s	philosophy of the average German, Comjhmy Quartermaster-Sergeant,	however, primarily with the	wounded,
roasting	impudent and evading special plead- in a nut shell.	Platoon Sergeants and Section Lead- it is only the overflow of its treasury
For steaming, prepare the chicken in*	,	^ . Fr°m this w.e .ca" understand how ergf on whom largely rests the sue- that is can devote to prisoners of war.
ns for roasting tying the wings and Ever since the mapping out by the German mind, holding this view- cegi 0f the Company. Indeed, Canada The Canadian Red Cross has a spells dose together	and rubbing with	Germany of the so-called “war zone,	point, may regard laws for the pro-	needa chiefly a training school for	cial department in London, which has
salt and Deeper : do not stuff. Fill	which includes a large strip of neu-	tection of neutrals and non-combat-	non-commissioned officers.	been sending 300 parcels a week to
the boiling pan about half full of, tral waters of the ocean over which ants as less important than freedom The general principle is followed of prisoners’ camps boiling water: place the chicken in a »he has no rights of exclusion, what-	to use any weapon that may be ef-	gjvjng commissions to well qualified	0f course, insufficient, but it	can only
shallow pan three by three and one- ®ver» thiB country and Germany have	factive in extending the sphere of	men from the University or from the	be increased by an increase	in public
half inches in height, as in this way been In controversy, accentuated at	German Will to power.	district which furnishes the recruits,	subscription.
all the	juice is	saved for	the	gravy	or	times by sinking the ships of neutral	Of course, America will not recog-	The West has certainly been a great	A year ago the detention of	a doz-
sauce.	Place	this pan in	the	steamer,	nations, and finally by the sinking of	mze any abridgment of the rights of	recruiting ground for the	Universi-	en Canadians in a peon camp in	Mexi-
S2 aS	F HEr™ .SS	- - r™
rights under	international law, face of Germany a plea of peculiar /nd transportation will be provided to	New York._I
claims that Great Britain's attitude exigency. In other words, we refuse Montreal.	-----*------ ha" never Btrayed fer from a 1ulet
in shutting off the importation of all to subscribe to the doctrine that the A„ information can be obtained	The Fighting King.	New England home, and “home-keep-
gp.S5.-5 ü??i gBltfSSS affiSGSÇÎ SSSkSS
RHHiBI
tions by which the U.S. must be word on the subject, I can see no	_+___ of extraordinary hardness and s< w r bumbly, had no haughty manners and
guided in the course she adopts : | other alternative than a declaration	PRISONERS OF WAR.	ity;	did not rough it. like some a]wayg d;d its best. ” From reading
First, her own rights and the rights	of war, or a square backdown of posi-	f k   Princes, merely tor the benefit	ot t e	t^at	you	wouid	imagine	that	the	cur-
of her citizens; and second, her moral	tion by one party or the other. Ger-	Campg and hospitals for	prisoners	public, and relapse behind the	scenes	ant	,.had	never	walked	farther	than
: obligations to	those humanitarian many can rest assured that America qJ war Rre prominent features of Ger-	mto the » >11 c h i Ida n dp a m^r	Finbury," had	never	seen court life,
,bkh """ 22	Æ js
Germany claims that she was there with all the force of inexhaust- 20 000 prisoners. The latest in- the «bsenceof reaction since his a< afford anything better, forced into this war, and is facing em- ible resources and her wonted brav- formati’on giveg the number of prison- ceMlon- The Spartan boy when1 he Savarin and all great chefs. J. battled Europe in defense of her very ery.	r- interned as 900 000.	grows up and has his own way, oft poor man who	that never eat
existence. That foodstuffs are ex	CHAS. M. BICE. The lot of the prisoner is something makes amends to himself. The King veni8on or Canvass-back duck? Sc
empt from the rule of contraband, Denver, July 12, 1916.	...	.	, yexjvan peon or a vir- is the rare creature* » Spartan boy chef wouid think of serving those
and that her submarine warfare was	—•-*------ Linia slave in the old slavery days. who haa 8r0W^ î° ^ a ^an man gupreme delifacieg of astronomic art
^	<^. z/jssrk	W 3 r„r.i r osa
she had no other recourse than to who are anxious tc? go and play the r camp com pou.	^	gerated moustache and fierce brow of diaheie ,t is found with all the arts-
%=##!=### mssm
Èkm ¦M theik1 men he.it.te to go fence, .urrounded in tunt hy .n outer *	,	meat coune until It makes it. la.t ap-
^ i rË ëSâ sS	nkëara
Now there ia an organisation In the kitchena, canteena, bath house.i find out if a patient i. .ufftciently re aristocratic combination. But enough! C%is exactly suited to the require- | for the priaor.era, and then the prison covered to be discharged is to give The currant is the aristocrat ofevr ment, of such men and its existence barrack* proper. There are no win him a broom and put him in a room berries even though it is never absent should be brought clearly to the no- dowe, only skylights in • sloping with a water-tap turned full on. If from the tables of the plain people.
On # layer of tarred paper he proceeds placidly to sweep up the It Is the true cosmopolite of the fruit
off the tap his family, found everywhere, and instead
of being humble—Too proud to care from t/Leoei
a cupful of melted butter in this basting, which really consists in pouring the butter over the top of the loaf. Turn out on a platter, garnish with parsley and serve.
Cheese and creamed cabbage are delicious prepared like this; Soak a young cabbage, head down, in cold water for an hour, so that any insects or worms will be dislodged from its leaves. Then boil it until tender and chop and drain it Take about two cupfuls of it and put it in alternate layers with a thick cream sauce in the shell of an Edam cheese. Season the sauce well and put it into the even until the sauce bubbles. Then serve. There will be just enough cheese flavor from the shell.
To prepare tomatoes and eggs on toast, melt about two tablespoonfuls of butter in a skillet and fry a small onion, chopped, two or three minutes, rhea add two cupfuls of cooked tomato and six minced olives. Bring to the boiling point and add six beaten iggfl, and cook until thickened suf-Iciently. Season with salt and cay-snne pepper and serve on slices of hot buttered toast.
years ago.
The postmen ef Calgary will no longer be carried on street cars for $25 a year per man, $35 is asked for the service.
Ratepayers in outlying sections of Saskatoon will be allowed 10 gallons of water a day from city taps, to which they buy keys.
The Ottawa Government will establish 35 demonstration farms in Alberta and Saskatchewan for experimental farm work.
The Province of Saskatchewan has taken out a bonding warehouse license for liquor—the first ever is sued to a province in Canada.
Jim Perdicaris, a Greek was arrested at Regina for illegal entry into Canada.
country on a charge of murder.
THE GERMAN-AMERICAN SITUATION.
This amount is,
He is wanted in his own
THE ARISTOCRAT OF BERRIES,
Steamer fit very closely, so that every puff of steam may be doing its full duty.
Another variation is to steam the chicken until it is tender, then dismember, and fry as if it were a spring chicken. Dip each piece in flour and fry in hotter, and it is easy to fool the most fastidious judge of good fried chicken.
We are continually reading warnings about wasting the mineral salts of vegetables by our usual careless methods of boiling; we met the helpless vegetable adrift in a sea of boiling water, and then, when all the valuable elements (such as phosphorous, calcium, and iron) are boiled out, and the flavor of the food thereby reduced, the vegetable is reduced mere
with all its life-blood extracted—and served to us, while the rich salts and flavors find an untimely end by being poured down the kitchen mink.
In steaming, all this is avoided. Physicians always recommend baked potatoes for children and invalids, because they are most digestible. Steamed ones are just as good, if not better, for the steaming renders the starch absolutely soluble.
Steamed carrots are a revelation to people who may they never eat carrots because they have no taste. Spinach, likewise unpopular, unless served with vinegar or lemon or something “to give it a taste,” will be found to possess a decided flavor. Asparagus is delicious when steamed.
Indeed, everything which can be boiled can be steamed, and it is a much more economical as well as a practical method.
It is apparent that he
I ~
hollow shell of its former self,
Shades of Did thi

f
Household Hints.
sited
Polish a dining table with beeswax, nibbed on with a soft cloth.
Put a pinch of salt into water in which cut flowers are placed and they will last longer.
To clean a clogged drain pipe, pour down some kerosene and follow it im-
neu trais and non-combatants, and this being so, these rules should be waived.
She also claims that the British Admiralty has offered inducements to I PH II	I merchant vessels to ram submarines,
Remove acid stains from scarlet and that this fact exempts such woollen goodf with weak pearl ash ,*1# from the operations of inter water.	national law, and while she asserts
Lemon juice added to the water in her humanitarian impulses, she in-which rice is boiled improve# the fi| | flavor and makes It beautifully white.
A little turpentine put into a copper boiler will help to whiten clothes justifies the destruction of the Lu si-1 PHPUPIHBUPH^FHBPP end will prove an economy both in tania, and refrains f-om giving lice of every young man in Canada.
p and labor.	America the assurance it has demand-1 The Universities of Canada are , wooden berths
A gold chain may be made to look ed that submarine warfare shall con ] working loyally together to raise com walls, i« a ring ' om 1 âj^â .* > brigh* by dipping it in a cup form to the rules of naval warfare. pany after company, and to send 4 the middle. Tt% # ™ newest |

mediately with boiling water.
slats that these must not Wdpdpre with her obligations to her own dti It is on these grounds mbe
roof
water without turn!
are but:, along
il
is not deem
standard of intelligen ; cd to be high enough.
it came.”


$


###PAGE###4###


THE EQUITY.
SHAWV1LLE, AUC. 5. 1913.
"w“""e....- «"•*,»*'si."î ÏTL?-** N. V.
li«Ü
, ^J-cs -   vr %Nse^S,BS
initedi active and earnest effort t«-	1 *rvH8e |	1 I;\i »,jt
vrve the Empire
Move*I by
FOR SALE SHAWVILLE SASH AND DOOR FACTORY.
Mare ami Foal, clydt I «pan Heavy Horses 1 NMin Light Horses J Hinder S. If. Massey Harris I Hinder 8. H. Frost & Wood 1 Snrrv 8. II. in g<x>d shape \ I 1 new Buggies and other articles
„ j a snap.
J. L. HOI Mil NS.
Shaw ville, Que.
»m
?
D
6
]~)Q VOl’ contemplate building,110
or making any alterations in that jig line? 11 so, call in and see me ; place your orders early, and have your material ready when re-Hi qtiired. Ask for a sample of DBA
/
0
I
f
will be sold nt
i
BEAVER " BOARD
Witt
»
a
i
g
I.K'l
Ù
1
HELP PROTECT THE DEER.
0
g
0
ex
n
i
i
mt
And oiher («me during Close Season ^ HOARD, the coming I it tei ior IIg
-am.i	.......« *»•
ami without trouble to anyone.” * 00,110 aware <-f. Liberal compensation
paid for toit toting evidvi ce. All nor- ^ respondence strict y private and conti- 3
0
g
They have donc
: h to combat in Quebec such senti-
im*nt>î as expressed by the Montreal Minutes Directors' Meeting
undertook to castigate
Mr. Meighvn for ap|>ealing for loyal and | A. S. N effective
1
Ù
Buildings
0
?
;

Trade marc
of the 41 advantages of BEAVER BOARD,
1“ (’an be applied in any season....
Anyone handy with tools by Ifl following instructions can IS
apply It.	IS
Is pure Wood Fibre through-lljgi
i
Death of Thos Murray
D| NO CRACKS ll
Are ever seen in walls and ceilings made of Beaver Board. Durable, beautiful, sanitary. Forty-one advantages. Call and see how it looks.
Fop sale by
K. G. HODGINS.
Mooting of the Directors of the C. 1\
^	_	• U hM m the office of the I Pembroke, Jul$ 89 Fhe death
t-. the Empire in this I secretary, Fndaj July 16th, at 10.80, ,‘nnv,l here at three o’clock this mon
Fresi-1 \n&	1
Directors T. M.-Doxwll, W. F.r°ntwc- Mr. Murray was in his noth
Nr \\ il- Jamvs Amin.
dental
N.McCUAIC
t*rov Game Warden
?
9
Bryson. January 1913
a. m dent
i *.ir crisis.
There is much yet to In? done
D
No NX

TENDERS
1' the time for the redempti pledge “to stump Quebec.*9 trid Liurier could materially aid if he would implement his promise. Canada
m t
Ihomas Murray, who represented the -, .	...
County of Pontiac in the federal house , 1 endorfl will be received up till txx
xxas a son of the late James Murray of V vl< , m »of inst., for the Imild ,	I Xing's County, Ireland, who early in \U*	11 SiV>,ui 80,1001 in district No
Letter of ex his life followed commercial pursuits	*arondoN» Lot 3, Range 11.
_	,	« «	tzs' iïfziïj?,	™	.....
! he promise was made ; the Don up to July 24th inclusive, was read His mother was Elisabeth Burrows of B> ord°r ot the Board, has arrived ; will the appeal be V\i[ accepted. Explanation re. cancel- Irish descent. The deceased was horn
lation of Excursion to Macdonald Col- in the township of Goulboum, 18th
abJÎTf358OOf JU,,e Cele,,rft,ion ww ot"i,',S	miirrSlÏÏ m
\tU; 2 a	Ottawa on Jan. 24, 185ft, Miss Jane
lx,1sh \v	M ix Millar and IOopeland, of Richmond After her , ^»tered Holstein Bull—(Jack the
(Montreal Gazette, July 30).	Ir*. K. U Hodgins calK-d on the l)i- Meath Mr. Murray again married Miss i!utu-r Hoy II )—a vegrs old. T,„,k
Eêra—:;	"
lient city of London was a notable . tree use ot the dining hall to the Pembroke several years. He was m, event in a visit made under memorable	(\ the Home-makers Clubs of unsuccessful candidate for North Ren
r..SESpHS
t x|k i ted a colonial statesman to J^i to assist m erecting a building on He was an unsuccessful candidate it
flflKEK-i
^ a t r:,£ 2 S-ï «'K	........J ^H
S3S&	st&frr ^	""1 -*'	. —
much in more than one way Sir Folm r. .	. ^(lowing be added to the I Miss Francis Code is visiting friends ,The African elephant Is equipped
French, the British commander an, I. 11	' Miw «• V, I hem at j,resent.	with enormous ears, while bis brother
its ¥• H	J-&SZL? """" - "mu‘h «¦;“ a ita, 52
President Ponçai re received him 1* . I .	¦ Following be apjsunted as I he young ladies are rejoicing over are forced t0 trust to «cent rather
tfuest of honor. In London a new nre- I <l“ ’ "tvitainnient committee : The Pre- the change from gooseberries to rasp- I *br.n vision In the battle of existence.
<edent was created when lie was invited 1 ll' u\r f'v J K KinS’ 0 A-	W1,y did you not wear gloves I I°dIan ®,ephanl l,vea to the Junto attend a meeting of the Cabinet ,,f	?v . , * 1 homa# *lld Hie Secret- ^Hs T	where odors are pungent and earn-
the Cnited Kingdom and sat with the m tiT^iv ? v	Miss	Marian Coughlin is visiting her By discernible but the African els-
King i ministers as one of their number ' \i 1 i ii J.)|reit?r8 Xavanagh and uncle, Mr. J. Ostrom, Pembroke.	f^ant ,a a natJve of the plains, where
'vould. In England, also, he was the	thv fo|lw*ng U* ap- Me are having lovely weather and M?* air Ia,rd.ry and hot and barely clr-
Xmgs guest, and the recipient of oth»-r ri V» • f11 imlT°veme,,t committee ; hope it continues for it is very appro- culateB’ rhe beat dries the moisture marks of resort that will \x as	L \ ?W,tn V *£ Aident, M. B"ate for moonlight drives. '	"	°« the t,n^ bair, In the nostrils
to his fellow Canadians as they must [* I k’in f11*1 homae ,lnd *L K. We trust in the near future, when ^bleb connect with the sensory nerves,
to himself. The honor of citizenship of \uin	_ ..	.	°.ur F°ung men receive the call, will “d U ls 0Dly trough flapping bis
the Lord Mayor’s London was worth il v I vv, 'l .lo,{ ^)|r^J‘torH f-M. Hodgius and «how their patriotic sentiment by 1 enormous ears that he can create the bestowed. And the message he deliv m Graham—That the following com- spondmg readily.	currents of air which enable him to
t^Lmasasm
I
i
out
1
Minutes of last meeting read ami firmed.
0
con
I
R. a. HODŒISS. s
Correspondence read pla nation

<
awaits a stirring apical from the noted
French-Canadian leader t
patriots
Plan
lus com
tn
m. a. McKinley,
Asst. Svcy-Troi
made
SNAWVILLE MARBLE AND GRANITE WORKS
T. SHORE - PROPRIETOR.
lege
FOR SALE
MH HUBERT BURDEN
I have on hand the finest
stock of Marble and Granite Monu-|	ments ever placed before th* public
< nv who can only afford to take fiw Iof this district, Prices are such that it will be to intending
%rr,"n'Iug\Zd*thr^Ii!%Purchasere’ interest to consult me before placing their order •is, and eo on.	I elsewhere. Nothing too large—nothing too small.
If
THUS. A. EADES,
K. R. No. l, Shnwvillc
11
cm
in which
m
FENCING AND CEMETERY WORK A SPECIALITY
t
All Work Guaranteed Satisfactory.
Me and his colleagtio of
m\
Up-to-Date Tailoring
l-trv
1
rej**at
We have a good assortment of
Tweeds aqd Serges
for you to choose from.
We guarantee you a fit.
Also a good range of
Gents’ Furnishings Rain Coats and Semi-Ready Suits.

\
. 4 1

SIS
•'J




3-j
MURRAY BROS., SEVILLE.
U AUTO C
1
V
G. A. HOWARD
delphla Ledger,
For Your Automobile Accessories.
A full line of Repairs and Extras on hand
RAKIKs WONT TELL
bow at reasonable prices.
ALSO GASOLINE and OIL
Premier Gasoline
try
20c. per gal,
Polorine Lubricating Oil 75 Mobile E
Dominion Tires Dunlop Tires
It
Minute» Clarendon Schools
F
h
" 1.10 $13.00 plain 1250	"
II
Board of School Commissioners of Clarendon met July 17th, 1915.
Members present : Trueman Drai^r,
John Larson W. C. Harris, Thomas and Tbomaa Wallace.
Moved by com. Draper, seconded by I . ',r Clarence McKee, who has been “• l*ix>n that Commi*8ioner Thoma* Islc* 18 not ,nuch improved.
Palmer be appointed chairman pro —Carried
1
To the Editor of Th* Equity.	I Raskin—Do you know Professor Toe- Tv t'T * of^uehec-
¦¦ME
com
j Screw* Cocer. Q A N A D I A N
tem
J
a
\


X
us
An
Re.

tri
Pr
•ei
1
•h<
•lo

Is
Ini
t
Mutt

have a
R. J
«Sa


###PAGE###5###

T
;
'à
H
THE EQUITY,

Just Received I
A carload of Corrugated Iron Roofing
—which will be supplied at about old j
Roofing and Sheeting of all kinds Furnaces and Bathroom Outfits
Always on hand
Mid-Surçrçer Snaps
When you want the best value for
. money in
4 Weekly Journal devoted to Local Interests
Published every Thursday
<V Shawville, County Pontiac, Que.
your

SHINGLES
at SI.65 per M* and up
'A..so Let ha, Dry Lumber, Clapboards Flooring. End Matched Hardwood Floor mg, Mouldings, Doors, etc.,t¥y
A. F. CAMPBELL,
box 453
SCH40RIPTI0N, |1 a Yeah iw Advance
**" All arrears must be paid up before *tny piper Is discontinued.
)nce

Girls’ and Misses’ Summer
Half Price.
Dresses
o
ustomere may require
ADVERTISING RATES.
Legal advertising, 10 cents per line for 1st Insertion and 5 cents per line or each subsequent insertion
Iia-duos* cards not exceeding one Inch 1 u sorted at f.Y00 per year.
Louai announcements Inserted at the rate of 8 cents per line for first insertion and 3 oents for subsequent Insertions.
Commercial advertising by the month or for longer periods Inserted at low rates which will be given on application.
Advertisement* received without In etructions accompanying them will be Inserted until forbidden and charged for
accordingly.
Estimate* furnished
A ru prior. Ont
PATENT S
GEO. E. WAINMAN
Girls’ and Misses’ Straw
Half Price.

8HAWVILLE.
Hats
I
TOR S A DvîsKR.^?lch wU!0ber
MARION & MARION,
361 University St.. Montréal
Shawville Fair
WED. THURS. FBI.
September 8, 9, 10, 1915.
1
Women’s Ganzies.
1 Lot of Women’s Ganzies, knitted, soft cotton, with lace at neck and
holes—No sleeves. Formerly a 15c. line for 10c.
HOMEMAKERS’ CLUBS.
TIME OF MEETING :
Birth, ratrrlage and death notices pub-Ishad free of charge. Obituary poetry declined.	'
JOB PRINTING.
Austin -
First Tuesday, Murrells - Second Wednesday, Elmside - Second Wednesday, Bristol, - - first Thursday, Starks Corners, Second Thurs. Wyman, . . first friday, Shawville • first Saturday, Yarm
All kinds of Job Printing neatly and cheaply executed. Orders by mail promptly attended to.
arm
JOHN A. COWAN,
Publisher
Financial Statement
for School Municipality of Shawville, for year ended 30th June, 1015.

Professional Cards.
~| Ladies’ Silk Hose.
1 Lot of Ladies’ Silk Boot Hose, garter top, double heel and toe, tan only. Reg. 25c. for 15c.
EXPENDITURE 1914-15
July 16 R. O. Hodgin*, account in full .
H. Wright, wreath ordered June 1- K. Millar, legal advice...........
18 Dr. Armstrong, telegram*..........
3 Hernan Lester, rejwiring..........
1*J Armon Hodgins, carting.........
James Newton, work.............
2n v A' Macka>> of sale old School 3 r. C . Smyth, auditing 2
S. E. Hodgins, 44
¦IpWilliam Hand cock
30 George Hynes, balance on contract..... ’ *
IG L. Cuthbertson, carting...............
14 W. F. Vilas, account furniture.....]
30 L. McRae.........................
March 4 John Beamish, bill of work
23 Rev. J. J. S. Seaman, stove............' *
April 12 J. H. Shaw, balance on school lots.......
June 21 Key. Conley, express, etc., on exam, paper.'.
to a i, x- tt ,8eryices M deputy Examiner...
*?	Hodgms, asst. Dep. Examiner ....
2.» H. Shadel, fixing clock.................
oa u ' lt"’ ^¦ McCallum, asst. Dep. Examiner •JO H y Howard, work on grounds.............
Montreal Star, advertisements..........
R. W. Hodgins, salary July and August ! !.
E. T. Hodgins, balance Samuel Rennick, caretaker salary ..
R. Hobl»s, ; if» stage............
O. h, Hfxlgins UoM fuel and supplies Miss A. L. James, B. A., salary....
Miss L. Dab ms,	"
Miss A. McCredie,
Miss B. Brouard,
Miss E Hodgins,
Mise M. J. I arcy,
Merchants Bank, notes paid.....
James Newton, note and interest Thos. A. Hades, interest on Robert Tra
Edward A. Eadea, note and interest......
<,lnewVn(/t1p,nmer,nan’ intereHt I>aitJ b>' allowing
Arrears of Taxes June 30, 1915 Balance #>n hand June 30, 1015
DR. A. H. BEERS
- Last Saturday,
of each month.
# 18 26 4 60 25 00 2 29 4 00
SURGEON DENTIST
• Qlk.
Doctor of Medicine and Master of Surgery McGill University.
Doctor of Dental Surgery, University of Pennsylvania.
Licentiate of Dental Surgery, Quebec.
e e
1st
Campbells Bat
Sept
Oct
i •>
• •
Men’s Short Lustre Coats
In Plain, Black, Grey and Black Stripes very comfortable for warm days. $2.00 and $3 00 values for $1.50.
1 00 ft 00 4 00
4	00
5	00 132 64
4 45 120 80
SYNOPSIS OF CANADIAN NORTHWEST LAND REGULATIONS
Nov
years
tt
OR. N. M. HALKETT, B.A.
Doctor of Medicine, Master of Surgery. Licentiate Medical Council of Canada. Post-Graduate Protestant General Hospital, Ottawa.
Otto*: SHAWVILLE, QUE.

Dec
T	head of a family, or any male
over 18 years old, may homestead a
?UAJ\e\ïecl,io? ot available Dominion and in Manitoba, Saskatchewan or Alberta. Applicant must appear In person at the Dominion Lands Agency or Sub-agency for the District Entry by proxy may be made at any Dominion Lands Agency (but not sub-agency) certain conditions.	J
Duties.—Six months* residence upon and cultivation of the land In each of three years. A homesteader may live w itliin nine mile of his homestead on a rarni of at least 80 acres, on certain conditions. A habitable house is required except when residence is performed in in the vicinity.
In certain districts a homesteader In good standing may pre-empt a quarter section alongside hi homestead Price $.3.00 per acre
Duties-Six months residence In each
nLtVhn|C®ef e,lK after earning homestead
M acre# extra cultivation.
* rc emption patent may he obtained as soon as homestead patent, on certain conditions.
mBSE”'e:E
assissSSSsSsSSBr
cultiVaUonuX	^
W. W. CORY. C, M. O.,
Deputy of the Minister of the Interior
,.?*• B.-U"authorized publication of thi*advertisement will not he paid for.
1
1
2 25
2 60 5 00 235 00
Let us quote you on
BINDER TWINE, SELF SEALERS,
1 14
S. A. MACKAY
on
10 00
• •
8 00
• e
1
1 00
NOTARY PUBLIC
Shawville,----Que.
# #
8 00 1 50 8 80 20 00 100 00 300 00
HARVEST MITTS.
fi. MILLAR, L.L.L.
season
1
0. F. HODGINS CO.
6 50
ADVOCATE,
Bryson - - • Que.
Will visit Shawville every Saturday.
418 52 1050 00 550 00 450 00 376 00 300 00 320 00 450 00 621 23 120 00 180 00 850 15

44
• • •
46
• • •
44
D. R. BARRY, K.C.
# #

* •
It
I
CATE. AC
per acre
note
We are ready for Your
Offlce’and Residence
Campbells Bay, Que.
** Visits Shawville every Saturday


Spring and Summer Trade
on
t •
144 15 1516 40 151 31
• •
CEO. C. WRIGHT, K. C.
Roofing,
Troughing,
And any Tinwork required in building.
Carload of Sheet Iron just placed in stock.
SATISFACTION GUARANTEED
Q-. W. TIAT.T. PRACTICAL TINSMITH
" Shawville, Que.
* #
# #
Sheeting
$8538 33
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, AO
RECEIPTS 1914-15.
J'lne 30 Cash on hand as per last audit..........
Interest charged on arrears ot Uül. . . ... .
Arrears of taxes June 30, 1014......
Collection Roll 1914-15.......*
Ordinary fees collected....
Entrance fees for June exams.......
II. U. Woodley, rent of school lot.....!!] Government grant*....................
Two % off teaohers’salaries (pension fund) Sale of old School and effect* .,...
Gustave Zimmerman, additional loan Mr*. Geo. McDowell,
196 Main St. - Hull.
FARM FOR SALE.
424 72 31 82 1101 66 2978 84 852 3 34 50 3 00 1251 04 61 00 999 40 300 00 500 00
PRICES REASONABLE
s Ælfc là
Range of the Township of Clarendon, containing 100 acres, more or leas, adjoining the corporation of the village of Shawville. Comfortable dwelling h and all out buildings necessary on a farm erected thereon. Two good wells —one convenient to house and one convenient to stock yard. Good orchard
S7Î l*rt da? and part loam. Will be sold on easy term*. F<rr further ticulars a
PHONE BELL
«J. Ernest Gaboury, LL. B.
ADVOCATE
BARRI STER It SOLICITOR
CAMPBELLS BAY, QUE.
Will be In Fort Uoulonge every Wednesday and Shawville every Saturday,

ouse
t*
— $8538 33
J Auditors.
par-
July 19, 1915
Audited and found correct.
(Signed), W. F. DRUM.
S. E. HODGINS,
$861?
x o. McDowell,
IV)x 296 Hailey bury, Ont.
GEORGE HYNES
H
I
general.
il»
SHAWVILLE
Embalmer and Funeral Director
Main Street,Shawville.
Personalattention.Open all hours.
Total loans June 30,1914........
' nSiS«an7Kn0t roVered hy n°to" (°n buildi"« “'-1' fur
Total debt June 30, 1014 Total loans June 30, 1915........
Amt. paid on principal of loans during year $1500 00
12350 00
MEAT SHOP
2400 00
CEO. PRENDERCAST, Prop.
Fresh Meats,
Cured Meats,
Sausages, etc.,
.	14750 00
.	13250 00
UNDERTAKING
-MADE IN CANADA-
HAYES * FINDLAY
THE MARKETS
Always on hand.
Ford Touring Car Price $590
Teacher Wanted
8HAWVILLI
(opposite J. H. Shew s.)
Hides end Pelts bought and highest market price paid.
Tester wanted for School District
p • .**’ 9****1» County Pontiac, Peon»* of Quebec. Qualified. Protestent. State qualifications, |s ri enoe, church of choice and salary peeled.
All calls will receive prompt personal attention.
t
Flour peiharrel $7X0 Wheat, pei bushel, standard $1 25 Oats,par bushel. 45c.
Butter tubs, printsand rolls 21c. Potatoes per bag. 75c.
*gff” per dozen 18c,
Pork per 100 lbs. 7.50 to 8.00 Hides perl00 lb 8.00 Pelts SO to 75 sack Horse Hides each 1.50 Calfskins each «5 to 75 Wool washed per lb. lit te 36c Hay per ton $16.50


*
W. J. HAY
J. V. FINDLAY
. . . Y<
I rices of Ford spare perte have been reduced an average of ten per cent A Ford touring car ma> now lie bought, part by part, for hut $38.87
¦ ÿsi t
motoring.
Buyer* of P.fd rv* will .hare in our profite if
Awm!»"* b“"™ Ava" VH “*
KMW""- •**1 ro 11 **
head I ighta.
Q. A. HOWARD - DEALER Shawville, Que.
ex
U Need A Safe
m. a. Mckinley,
FOR SALE.
Shaw Ml if, Que
I At J. A. Beckett's shop, Shawville, 700 feet of steel chain, part heights, and part 5-sixteenth*. Will be ent any length as desired. Apply to Mr. Beckett.
\
r
AND
FROM DIWRUCTION

AGENTS WANTED
In Case Of Fire

l
McIntosh red apple trees
pUeqmpnient, including electri C ars on display and sale at
triei tor the far-famed M Proof Safe and Lock Oe.
Saw-Mill Outfit

Tbs follow log are last Saturdays quoi I and Ornamental Nursery StoclT™1 I In every way up-to-date. Port................... %
sod trimmer, bull wheel, slab
—fill in good order.


and will be pleased to quote prices several styles manufactured. ¦¦
The Combined Office Desk and Safe ebon Id be part of every basin _ ¦ eloaal man • or farmer's equipment. It le the most convenient out.1t Invented.
Prices away below those of the city
dealers.
the
Rgg*. fresh, oor loaen 26 to Potatoes
Liberal com
i s<s
.	__	.____ . Kxaleejye terri
tory. Handsome free outfit. Write for full particulars.
STONE AND WELLINGTON.
Foothill Nurseries )
< Esta hh «bed lHSfîi
Pork, per 100 lbs $11 on ton »> Be- f
Also four good work horses and truck.
100 lbs, $10.00 to 1SJ0
Gate per bushel 65c
M. R. M ill lHK
l Wf
A W. Chamberlin,
R. M. R. No. 1. SI
Hav p
r t
« tn\ I
TORONTO
ONTARIO
e.
% V
###PAGE###6###

-

“It * Val worth still silent, Simonson still
Î “You did that?** she gasped. H|
I is to you that Mrs. Dunraven owes all smiling, her misery, and Mr. Ogden his “What does this mean. he asked, sight!”	helplessly. “Does the young lady
“To me!” he answered, touching his speak the truth ? " breast with one long, bony, dirty “Unhappily, she does, sir/ answer-finger.	ed Simonson, insinuatingly. “But it
“You scoundrel 1” Ailsa panted, her, is in order to save her from absolute own eyes flashing fire. “You incal- ruin that her dear father and 1 have culable villain! Much as I loathed thought of. this at least honorable , you before, it was friendship and marriage. Look at her, sir! Does esteem compared with the abhorrence she look as if she belonged to such I feel now ! Since you force it from surroundings as these ? Her dress is know that I would lie rotting in that belonging to the daughter of a u 1 perdition before becoming the com- millionaire! Only to-day, by a ruse,
mnmmamsm
gsgsagfi
fsuss ggsu wmm
Lloyd, if you knew what *m suffer-, my man when he demands an en- solute, as if a cave in the woods con- “My child,” he said, slowly, “I re- But Dr. Stein assumes a sweeping ed in mourning, whose face is furrowing tor my sin against h< > 9 trance to \ alworth s houst. A d tuined U8 ^th. You think you can gret more than I can say to hear this, victory for Germany, including the ed with care and figure bent with
mmrn mm mm
only the warmest friendship—the swered.	hand lifted to save you! Mine, with- which you have fallen. Think of the exhausted that compensation would be boys in their rough khaki uniforms,
most pure brotherly love. f	But he did not know the man with	out tbe saving	clause of matrimony!	God whom you will be forced to one hopelessly out of the question, while who smiled gratefully upon her as
upon her countenance was that of n	<.Listen to me!” exclaimed Simon-	seen the fatal	skull and cross-bones	child, but I appreciate the despera-1 ployment for all their hands, for we death to the restoration of the Bona-
1	I nrv that wm.ld’	have son- fastening his eyes upon Ailsa,	that marked the bottle—had seen the	; tion of a father that stops at nothing shall be very unwilling to allow any partist regime in France, and a vol-
l> repie. sing a >	^	and lifting his finger with a curiously	word "poison" in huge type at the	to save a wayward daughter upon the, 0f our ships to be built at English uminous biography compiled by a
He watched her fascinated	compelling gesture.	top, and the smaller, but more potent downward path to destruction.	, I yards. There is every prospect that staff of genealogical experts and sec-
h„t in the shakintr11 ficure there was like the waking and sleeping of a beast!	i me, originated by this man, and ac- Hemburg-American Line will become and son, has long since had an addi-
imwm
“Su y‘ w . , t +	Simonson was not slow to see it, moment the absolute necessity for , friends—loyal, true friends—who will orable trade treaties extorted by Ger- widow in Paris in 1834.
My poor Muriel, what sorrow nave and a crimson glow of rage surged COntrol of every feature and emotion.1 convince you of their sincerity as well many have been abrogated, that she Napoleon III. fell in love with her I not brought into your lue .	through his swarthy skin. He hated	she hesitated, then lifted her hand	as mine, if you will but assist me to has incurred the enmity of the whole at a hunting party. He married her
mnmîni h,!t it™* pnmiih	Doctor I her.then ™re than h.® had ever [oW‘	to her head with a dazed gesture.	return to them. As a man of God, 11 world. This is bound to make itself and Eugenie became the acknowl-
« ESI « a	ESMIi s=s? ms sssgm
possiMe!	. -	.	“You stand now proud and defiant,”	that?”	uttered! Speak to him! Ask him!” spite of the freedom and equal treat- upon her own wardrobe and her
^me» Lesll.e* "f exclaimed aloud. he hissed, “but you have yet to learn	He lifted his	head exultantly.	In bewilderment, the old clergyman ment she was allowed in every port of dresses sparkled with diamonds or
s~ET 82?fcra^ ”	Ar^«2jr-" - —- —» srsjç «.tea jss&	*.	« iülk tlstu
sx%%= ^ ~
There was a pain at his heart—an what it will be? I shall not keep Then, God help me, I yield.	| hU ^and upon Valworth. The shift- burden of the war cost, how can any- tures were as delicately chiselled as
excruciating, gnawing pain that even you in the dark. Who taught Muriel She bowed her head upon her hands, jn^ eyeg	drunkard glazed thing more be laid upon the shoulders a Greek medallion, her complexion
he could scarcely understand—but he i Ogden the art by which she controls	®n(1 Simonson sprang toward the	gfightly, and he stood there in	stolid of the German taxpayer without driv-	exquisitely fair, and her abundant
did not hesitate. He followed Doc- all around her? II Who	holds the	door. He threw it open, and motion-	ajjence	. him to abandon the country in de-	hair was	of the richest auburn.
5
too preoccupied to notice the silence, from her path, and place	herself in	there looking from one to the other of	“What this man has said—is	true,” circumstances.	a . * ,	. r f y j f
At the foot of the stairs they found the position sfie covets ?	I! Who	the singular trio—Dowd Valworth, as	anBwered Dowd Valworth, in median- Rehabilitation of the German mer-	gathered	at C airo for the opening of
the coachman who had driven Ailsa planned a revenge upon Leslie Dun- s ilent as if suddenly stricken dumb; jcaj a8sent.	cantile marine, within the lifetime of the Suez Canal. In 1870, when uer-
that morning, and easily discovered raven for stealing you from me, and Nathan Simonson, flushed and tri-	(To be continued.)	any but her younger citizens, is im- many utterly defeated 1 ranee, she
the address to which she had been upon Lloyd Ogden for kicking me umphant; Ailsa, bowed and bent with	-*- probable to-day, and will be an im- warn glad to steal out of Paris in the
driven ; but knowing they would be down stairs, when I found you there anguish. But he had not long to re-	a VAIN HOPE.	possibility if the war continues for carriage of the American dentist, Dr.
denied admission should they go there in their house? H I! I! And how main in ignorance of what was desir-	_ another vear	Evans, and, arriving in London, to
sBIPL"™ EHBm HE =s»as0 -
their other search.	father had lived—in which he had all son	his hands rubbing each other	As an extraordinary instance of the	  ‘	v an
With what information the man the articles of inestimable value, with	a washing motion, his guttural	triumph of hope over experience, two
could give them, and accompanied by which it had taken him years and accent and smiling visage giving the pxtr.rt. from an art$cie v,v nr
SI	.i^
“One is simple enough!” he ex- at the door of death, his sight de- ohl,	-isAtIv when she saw Future of German Shipping," maybe year May 4, passing the day at Fam-
claimed, when he had heard the two stroyed forever!”	j _ her a man Qf great age his submitted, says the Wall street Jour- borough, her country seat in England,
cases. “I will detail men upon each He straightened himself with a whlt	beard hanging over the ’front	nal. Here is his sstimate of the capi-	in	the midst	of British soldiers quar-
at once-the best men m my employ, sudden snap, the gleaming of his eyes f hjs ahirt hie f0ng white hair	Ulixation of the German maritime	tered in the	convalescent hospital she
"r, r,.T.".7	n*-wM '• r’°M" 1*"~,h* r ™ ¦ — °,|,*r
s'h.“,.r;s ssszh"wi,h ¦*--^“î.....«.i....... *»•.........
one* . .	- eh. _rjA/1	! this amount as high as 1,000,000,000 hair gathered into a tight little knob
kiln'd t"he/0^‘Lse^h^m1 to Upping ^mpinie.,‘‘he^Norddeut*" shield JT/ big g^gle^/lhe f^ help me! These two men—one my cher Lloyd and the Hamburg-Amen- head by the drooping black veil of 1 own father, Heaven help me!—have can Line, have between them a work- an antiquated hat, the stout frame betrayed me into a trap. I abhor this ing capital of 400,000,000 marks. In enveloped in the shapeless folds of a man as a scoundrel and a criminal! I addjtion to these, there are the Ger- black woollen ulster and the throat entreat of you to save me from them ! man gaet Africa Line, the Woermann swathed in a black woolen muffler,
to.bi/to ££»*SXt'1 maMei Line, the H.ns. and many other com- the former Empre.a made her apI entreat you to save me!”	panies and private owntrs, both lark
a % ïs-jstd» . “insro.	........
There’s a Flavour of Distinction
in every cup of

Woman Against Woman
or A Terrible Accusation.
me

—something intangible but truly entrancing. Skilful blending of the finest ‘hill-grown1 teas and scrupulous cleanliness in preparation is the secret. This flavour constitutes the individuality of SALADA and will never change, no matter how costs may rise. B19
CHAPTER XXVI.—(ContM).
1

Her fea-
Now in Her Ninetieth Year With Face Furrowed With Sorrow.
W.
The Rule Applied.
A school teacher of more than generous proportions was giving her class of boys a certain informal rule of measurement. She began: “Twice around my thumb, once around my wrist; twice around my wrist, once around my neck; twice around my neck, once around my waist—”
“And twice around yer waist, once around de city hall,” added a rude youngster.
of the
Sudtir Lodf,
'«$1
IS54&.-7
•VA

Nothing Lost


«
Hobson—“My wife never wastes anything.”
Dobson—“No.”
Hobson—“No. If it’s edible it goes
DkV
1

i
ft
¥¦
/
Z
i

pearance upon the lawn where the
who were able to be wheeled out into the hash; and if it isn’t, it will
' •
menwtm
in invalid chairs awaited her. In one do to trim a hat.”

i

ft
mi*
rx
w &
4







»
>:• * .


i

H



ft


m. >


\ r:



f.


Ssi
m#

MNh
»


*><>.
•z*:. >


% v

N sg
60 years age Grandfather got
*n individual g hh i c - ¦—/ jjr
sugar package- 1 Rl!< K “Ye Olde Sugar ill®	—l	\ "
Loafe”made by John r Redpath, in what was	jkcfhal/L Carton
Sugar Refinery.	</ Todlgy
Now, at less than half the price, his granddaughter gets a much improved article, also “individual”—

Il
I S|W!

SK*?


% - sS ¦


/
»

SPFv5
<4

vf



n



§
-

r
/


5" ¦ • > —"

%

i
* A

¦
A

-• -

L




F
Extra Granulated Sugar
in Sealed Cartons and Cloth Bags

/ODDtrt rOUrtOHS AUVtO *DCK* 5*a*£ Of PA*PAft£Ll£S.
10. 20. 50 end 100 lb.
»otv rmi rv*ns Alf ro*peooiJ at r*e mu is WA*s/itn
This picture rives same idee of the fighting at the Dardanelles and the difficult task before the Allies’ warships. Not only is thers «ni dan ger from mines and submarines, but the Turks' torpedoes fired fropn carefully concealed positions among the rocks are a constant menace nnd make it dangerous for the ships to operate close to shore. Torpedees fired from thr land were used in lh< !>- Japanese war. The picture Mil •
torpedo just leaving one of the guns.	^
9
U
ft
CANADA SUÇA* REFINING CO.. LIMITED. MONTREAL
128







###PAGE###7###
7

i

I
SUMMER COMPLAINTS KILL LITTLE ONES
STEIBER, MASTER I
took to attend to the French paper press during the war of 1870
$ 1,000 REWARD
news-
Harvesting the Crop.
According to C. P. R. advices there is likely to be a shortage of farm labor in the west in the fall, are already over 100,000 of our Canadian young men under the war may demand more, gration is, of course, at a standstill. It will be impossible to get men from the east, where men are scarce, and in an/ case the west does not want men who, after the harvest, would be a burden on the people.
The question is, where will the men
iKMK*2 " •-m*WS&3l
iip	###,### tans,
stances, and they apparently destin-	acclaimed daily by enthusiastic j health.	will the men come from, and particu-
ed their son for the Prussian bar, for Frenchmen.	—____4_____	larly in view of the added acreage,
hi* became an unsuccessful lawyer. Stieber did not cease his activities ONTARIO DAIRY PRODUCTS which will mean more labor, as there In 1817 we find him attached as le- ^or the Prussianization of Europe	__ is fully 30 per cent, of increase under	farms for rent
£5	ZSL S A ïï&rïï	55
fer. Silesia was in those days the an” 1880 ha<1 worked out a scheme the value of alfalfa and corn for p„- P61^8 in the west insist that our crop, %	Jn î,h®_bw,t section# of On
breeding ground of socialism, and the for the military organization of the silage will be one of the features ** the favorable conditions are main-	"——-'	Daw,on-
Schoeffer factory was honeycombed j Empire, of which the effects are still of the Ontario Government dairy ex tamed, will be the largest that we
wsu.wro;..dor». tata, ,Jlw.y1692,w SSL**	F- Sts?*-?ï2ZZ"s: m ssse-so.s*a.a^as
...,I-.«sm
part than I	suggested in	the	life of a*e,i to marry the daughter of one of IMK to light daily. When the invad- will be another innovation an exhibit ^c*r Programme of public work in	wwipimi
the New England States.	He	says:	employers but he induced the in* army of 700,000 Germans entered i showing the value of concentrated Ior^iP that all the laborers possible	Rofit-makinq	news	and job
" At a medical banquet which I °ther to join the Socialist brother-1 Brusselh last year and proceeded at foods.	should be on the land for the harvest A 0ffJjes for «ale in rood Ontario
tzsfa&xgsr ^	sju&uftsssa
zsnfcst dK-Ær"; lïàns. ——
who was present, nodded gravely. Polke.	j should hav« paid it* compliment* to instructive us possible V thia work Cu rf*H f^m	FA?“S F0R 8ALB IN THB
“ ‘He gave me a piece of cherry pie Incited by Stieber, Herr Schoeffer Stieber ¦ successor, Herr Steinhauer, he will have the assistance of several ^ ^	toes ou^be cured i-Nr«°UntZ of	Oood cholee-
**&528§8l-EHS*™™ «uick
it to his entire satisfaction/	Silesia to revolt.	fleers were to be lodged.	cow testing, care and t»,tintr nf milV Pway ***** drawing pain, eases Instant-
"Dr. Mitchell applauded enthuaiasti- Having thus shown the authorities,	-*- and cream.	feet jF°°d <***• r
-au ,,	s.'stts iris I “TAN“ Lrsarsrsraw;	ggggfAas
men wanted to find out how a cherry instrument for their purposes, Stleb- British Officer in Charge of Ordn- production of milk in the Province	Generous Bsy of Fundy. Th»i are’1 he best “"re'SV’roT^ranil^
pie should be eaten for the test was *r WM rewarded by being called to ance Dept Has Cousin In the and the proportions into which the Some of the finest grindstones In p^lerewL.s,«*- »«*»*»>«• for t-hll-one that any of them might be obliged Berlin and attached to the secret po-	German Army.	total i, divided for cheese and but- the world come from the bottom of StewJrt. <S,k»orth<,K.n5!l..hBt,nNlChôl£i
*a.w h*m’ an(* Rave chase. The A us-, monarchy, but to keep a close watch trian fired at his pursuer, who fired j on the police officials of the kingdom
« a* , 4 TA 1t	report to the King personally
At last the Italian came up with their activities and loyalty. This the fugitive and sprang on him to business of spying upon spies suited take him prisoner. They pitched into | him so well, that when the chief of one another for some minutes, and police complained to the King of Stie-' th,‘ Austrian surrendered.	her's interference and accused him of
rhe two men looked at one an- being a traitor Frederick William other, and suddenly rushed into one bluntly told the official that he trust-ancthcrs arms again, and kissed each ed Stieber more than any one in the other like long-lost brothers.
It turned out they were brothers-in-
FOB A CASE OF INCURABLE CONSTIPATION
There
arms, and Immi-
SHOES
for every
ix Sport
^ and
çreation
t
V
x

There

un-
4
Many thou-
allied
carers
Womty
member
PIE CULTURE.
• Ê
ify.
(By Peter McArthur.)
An article published some days ago in which I mentioned the fact that the cherry pie was at one time considered the supreme test of a housewife, or rather, the test by which it might be discovered whether a girl was petent to be a housewife, has brought me a good story from Dr. Hugh Mac-('a)Ium, of London. According to him the cherry pie plays a much wider
com-
?
D.
U 4
DOOM rom SAL*.
MISCELLANEOUS.
are


The Substitute for Vodka.
That’s All.
“What were you doing in that pawn shop, Jim?”
“Oh, merely passing away the time.”
EMBRACE ON BATTLEFIELD
Relatives Who Were Enemies Figured
in Moving Incident
Reversed.
“How long have they been ried?”
“About five years.”
“Did she make him a good wife?” “No; but she made him an awfully good husband.”
mar-
writes :

Unselfish.
1 I	Doctor—Is your wife strong-mind-
ed is only one more drip in the Red ed enough to see that you positively Cross cruse of inexhaustible obliga- refrain from eating sweets ?
If the Government, when it* Gener-1 «pînk"enoufh to tlkTm/pw, *5 yelî/ag’o *1 got^he cords t$rt*m *1 S.^ff demanded fresh supplies of j the candy and pastry and all that as left wrist nearly severed, and munitions, replied: “Why do you want long as she’s allowed to eat it her- for about nine months that I had more shells?” would you think the self.	no use of my hand, and tried other
Government insane? When the Red	---- Liniments, also doctors, and __
r°;tt7c“**•
I he need of the Red Cross is above Brown hanging about smoking dur- family ever since and find it 1he same all for money, money, and still more ing working hours, so I gave him as when I first used it, and would money.	his four days’ wages and told him never be without it.
Every dollar you give to the Red | to clear out Cross is a bandage which ties
some wound, and there are as many j That chap was only looking for a wounds to bind up as you have dol- ; job! lars to give.
Send your subscriptions to the office of the Treasurer, 77 King Street East, Toronto.
tion ?
my
was
on
?
Ha
tie. I
jtiPl-TIj
ISAAC E. MANN.
Foreman—Good heavens, guv’nor!
up
Kingdom.
.	.	,	-	I Shortly afterward Stieber was ga
law from the frontier district The zetted official head of the Secret Austrian had married the Italian’s j Service and set about organizing that s ist <* r.	They were horrified when army of civil spies, as apart from the
they found they had been shooting at one another, but delighted tha: neither had been sucessful.
Should be Off Duty.
A sentry, an Irishman, was on post duty for the first time at night, when the officer of the day approached. He called:
“Who comes there ?”
“Officer of the day,” was the reply.
“Then what are yez doin’ out at night?” asked the sentry.
Mlnard'a Liniment Cures Colds. Etc.
Why Cows Give More Milk.
Cattle used to be bred chiefly for work. Therefore the cows did not give much milk. Breeds improve the thing for which they are selected.
In 1790 the work cows of Germany gave an average of a pint and a half a day. Interest in milk increased, and
regular police system, which by 1870 had grown to the number of 35,000.
His emissaries covered the court itself, the Government officers, banking ^
Getting Back.	an<1 commercial houses throughout1 HP^jsfd	Not Seen in Daytime.
“My cook left this morning merely th,® kin*dom’ 18 wcl1 “ persons WÂÆtiFjk	A f*rmer worked his harvest hands
because I asked her to get dinner who were ,n any way connected with	I from 4 o’clock in the morning until
g™ WÈËê§mM
new poeition was to supply the Pros- ."Li u— -TTTT «¦*	and there the gain stopped for thirty
& rnvoWeetthh.e fom«'.retlThent ^	Ubor^ "to'rnT.wn th^d incre..,d to si, quarto, and by
matlon, about Bohemia, which Bla- man /it/tV* rT™.n «	«ÎÜ! I to ^ bern» turn to the le,t ""d *>1-1 1870 to el,ht
A man tried leaving off meat, po- march had marked out as the route T1*" German name at whose , low the lane."
tatoea, coffee, etc., end adopted a'which the Prussian armies were to ,h„	the	^	blame for "What color is the bouse painted?"
breakfast of fruit, Grape-Nuts with follow in their invasion of Austria,	" £ i?X * ***““*!??“ deflci- j asked the applicant, doubtfully. •
cream, some crisp toast and a cup of for which he warn even then prepar- * 7. *" ,he «"munition, and j "I don't know,” said the harvest
mtosmm
*1
¦1
Yeu w# find relief b Zee** I
my house for dinner.”
CHANGE THE VIBRATION
•*, means cure. Why not prove
11*7 ------------ *	"
It Makes for Health.
The brsin is divided into two parts. If you are right-handed you think with the left side of your brain, while If you are left-handed you think with the right aide of it
I
JFv

V*xx\\\
\
r- DODDS
|KIDNEY2
PILLS
z
Ger-
//
o°
"Overmtern " V Bottom Motor Boat
Freight Prepaid to any Railway Station in Ontario. Length 16 Ft, Beam 3 Ft. 9 In.. Depth 1 Ft. 6 In A NY MOTOR FITS.
Get oar quotations
•a. Row
| THE GIDLEY BOAT CO, LIMITED, PENETANG, CAN.
¦q^f
$55

f //
r
sv


\\s

JSSg "
f

Specification No. 2B fir lag engine prices os r On—-The Penrte hosts and Canoes
^ +
6Q UC
ng Line" C
meroifi l
and Pleasure Lau
W THE




ED. 7.
ISSUE 31—15.
ment

k
d

###PAGE###8###
The Staffille Boot ami Shoe Store
0
New Styles
Harvest Mitts
t
A nice assortment of the latest styles in
Men’s and Touths’ Hats
Don’t forget the old reliable place where you always get good values for your money in Harvest Mitts and
Gloves.
at reasonable prices.
Something new and up to date in
Ladies’ Blouses and Collars
will be found at
E. B. CAYLER’S, PORTAGE DU FORT.
For Any Day
Q Our new three-buttoned sack coat will go to make one of the most - in - demand Hobberlin suits of the season. As a business suit, made
tweeds, there's none famous Coronation or
THE 1915 CENTRAL CANADA
EXHIBIT I ON
up in our new season better. Choose our University serge, navy blue or black, and you have a suit fit for many different occasions.
Ü1 OTTAWA

P. E. SMILEY.
EXHIBITS
FROM HOME
IN PRIZES
FARM AND
10,000
fj The style, as shown in cut, lends itself to either one purpose or the other. Every suit made-to-measure and tailored for the individual
customer.
Sole Agent for Hobberlin Tailoring
September 10-18
August Rod and Gun
FACTORY
DISPLAYS
The simple gift that lends the touch	——
of friendship without the embarrass- The August tssue °f Hod and ment of an obligation—your photograph. Gun in (’auiuia nublishvil at XX <>'>u
ms-
Its stories of
“been

THIS FAIR HAS A NEW $5,000 DOMINION GRANT
nil added to utility classes of horses, cattle, sheep, swine and poultry
on live stock exhibits from Ontario and Quebec. Horse Races, Baseball Matches, Band Music, Lire Stock Parades, Day Tie works. Colossal Midway ; starling and ending on the grounds, William S. Luck by, famous American aviator, In daily

Ai iiprior citizens me snbserib-1 the sportsman iug liberally towards the purchase hunting and fishing and of machine guns for Canadian there descriptions of various out-troops. The employees of Mc-jings in Canadian woods or on Laehlin Bros* have undertaken to Canadian waters are in line with supply at least one gun.	the vacation season and the maga-
I zine is one well worth while tuck-Many of our readers will learn mg into the club or dunnage bag with regret of the death of Mr. when setting out on the annual
Thomas Murray, of IVi;i broke, Rummer vacation,
i< t eâ*e*ÈÉjjeÉj|e*e*™e|™ee
& Kl 'em! Stf:	B.,iM Home the Beat
n ltn*	on their merchandise. They
Mr. W. E. Sniallfield, publisher rendily believe imy fairy tele told of the Memiry, was elected mayor them by smooth-tongued fi aiul-
of Renfrew by acclamation on who are entire strangers to them. Wednesday. The chair became | Nearly all ot these soft snaps
srftf i* sssr.^
On August Uth the town s white patronize home merchants. They way is to be inaugurated and the help to pay a hu ge patt of the Hydro-Electnc Commission of taxes help support the churches, Ontario having advised and assist- the schools, and the citizens among ed in its installation. Sir Adam us. They are responsible for Beck has been invited to officiate what goods they sell, and can be at the opening. It is said that the found at any time should anything system installed will give Renfrew be wrong or goods not as repre-the brightest streets of any seated, municipality in Ontario.
FREIGHT PAID
AEROPLANE FLIGHTS I NIGHT SHOWS
ARCHIE DOVER
Presenting the kiohth wonder ok the world " THE BIRTH OF A NATION "
Griffith’s Stupendous $500,000 Motion Picture. Powerful Drama Linking History of American Civil War to Romance. Marvellous display by the International Fireworks Co
I

thousands of men living tu loneiy , parts would be only too glad to have
t—31— »>¦ *•"> » » ;	^.”55
Needed In Canada After llie Mar. remember that some time ago we ad-Lady Drummond, who is in cbaigc vertlsed for work for a destitute woof the Information Department of mrn with her child.	* .
the Cana in Red Cross in London,
and is one of the best known public	French Boy Their Mascot,
women and social workers in Can- Describing his visit &o one of the ada, is emphatic in her views of a Canadian hospital bases in France, much-discussed question. The fol- a correspondent narrates tbp follow-lowing article was given by Lady lng interesting discovery. Seated at Drummond to a London paper:	bead 0f the table was a child of
It is urged, as one of the argu- flve dressed from head to foot In ment# why women should fight, that authentic Canadian uniform the state will be unable to deal with ^ brother orderlies had abandoned the problems of the unwieldy sur- their headgear during the meal, this plus of female population when the ^ttle soldier had proudly kept on his war is over, and that If women were min[ature forage cap. It was not sent into the Bring line it would be d|(ficult to see that be was a pX. A good way of solving the question The men 8aid that he was the base's in advance. A simpler, more hu- ma8cot> and should he leave nothing mane method might be to di-pote ^ut bad luck would arrive, of girl babies in the way ihat ancient | appears that a number of Cana-Fgyptians decreed for the infant ! dtûn ambulance men who were truil-Jewish boys! But that is a “res-, ing up olir troops, after the retreat son" one can hardly take seriously. frow Mors found this little French I know, however, the moral aspect clllid half dead from exposure on the of the case not only will be, hut Is, road»idc. They had taken him and Within the next few months cured tor hiul< The little fellow did
know what had happened w his they had been swept along
CHANCF FOR WÔMFX
a
Reduced railway rates. General admission 25c. 6 for $1. tickets on sale in
write
advance. Grand stand heats reduced. Entries close Sept. 3rd
for Prize List, entry forms, programme, dollar ticket strips,
information to
26 Sparks St., Ottawa.
E. McMAHON, Mgr.
12th AUGUST
While
In Memoriam
In loving remembrance of Nellie Me Cuaig, who div<l August Mh, 1914.
Hkr Chum.
News of the Central Canada
Exhibition.

NEW SPECIAL FOR RUTTER AT OTTAWA FAIR
SCOBIE HOUSE
Since the publication of the prize list of the Central Canada Exhibition, Hon. George Bryson, of Fort Coitionge, Une., has donated a gold medal or $25 in cash for the best exhibit of dairy butter. This special will be competed for in sections 3 and 4 ; that Is, tub butter and print butter, and will be awarded to the exhibit scoring the highest number of points. Regular premiums in the butter and cheese department are very attractive and entries are pouring in fast. Additional storage has been ordered for cheese, this being chiefly due to an unprecedented volume of entries and inquiries from the Eastern Townships.
Under the Auspices of
acute	¦ ¦	¦ ¦¦¦
alone wc shall be faced with the
problem of thousands of soldiers’
babies born out of wedlock. What 1*
to become of them and their young
mothers.
Personally, I think that neither the church nor the state should sanction or legalize such unions.
They could not do so without lowering standards which humanity has
through centuries of stress and I wm accompany them.
The war we arc waging is | ioved by them all like a son a proof that to the develop con- j there ie competition to be allowed science of man the moral and spirit- j t0 do things for him. As I passed ual are of a higher value than the | out ot the dining hall shouts of
physical.	% _
Let us keep this steadily before
in considering the problem now
under consideration.	I	A Young High Financier.
It seems to me that voluntary ttose Day in Toronto developed a agencies should deal with It, and new young genhis of high finance without condoning immorality, ^ young lad togged In khaki ul one should try to give all the children 1 ^ Upt0wn corners so attracted a "fair chance." Where	the young	^	sympathetic	attention of the
mother, for instance, wants to *tart young rose maidens that, one by ..gain and	Is willing to	keep her	one	lbey dipped	him a rose. He put
child with	her and look	after it. I	^e	roses In bis	pockeis. Later In
think there	ought to be some scheme	tfae	day he M0|d	tbe roses, in cora-
for removing her to a neighborhood j petitjon with the girls-and. where her story Is not known and Lourse turned over the money to where she, therefore, will not be an ^ charitable fund.
_____L Unless immorality is to b*»	same young man lately want-
publicly condoned the Ctrl could I ^ t0 buy a pajr of rabbits. The never have a fair chance in her own prlce wag gfty cents
neighborhood.	posed to get the money by pulling
I think she might also h" allowed dandelions out of a neighbor’s lawn, to take the prefix Mrs. Instead Xe a matter of fact, he was paid the Miss, both for the child's and her , mon(?y in advance own sake, but 1 would not allow her rabbjle ] to call herself by the father’s came. dehonil b
It seems to me that our duty is to fcind	amusemeut. According to | Throe ItilCCS
discourage Immorality in every po#- bis financial scheme, the rabbits were gible way, but to be as fair as pos- U ^ turned loose to nibble off (be stble to the children who are its vie- Jandei1ons War must make all Judgment fheg
NORWAY BAY
I’UWVWWWW'WWVVWWWW
MOVING PICTURES
(dance after)
Every Tuesday and Thursday.
UOl
PIONEER 0. Y. B„ NO. 304, SHAWVILLE
rents
,th thousands of otherp in front of t lie 1 email's ¦	HH
have tried in vain to find the boy’s
parents.
His uncles, for such he calls them all, have mapped hie future, and when the Canadians return to their land little Mona, al they call
He is and
9
The French police
will be held on the
Exhibition Grounds.
A UNIQUE PROGRAM Will be carried
own
won conflict
Monday, Wednesday, Friday and Saturday evenings.
Everybody Welcome.
out con-
We will bath him to-night" reached
sisting of
Horse Races, Dancing, and all kinds
Athletic Sports.
my ears
us
POULTRY’ PRIZES AT OTTAWA FAIR
A general increase in poultry prises, not omitting turkey*, geese and ducks, ha* been made for the 1915 Central Canada Exhibition. First prizes are advanced 75 cent*, and seconds 50 cents in about 250 item*, and there are bigger increases for pens of fowl. The prize list announces, 1,300 cash premiums.- A copy will be sent to any address on application to E. McMahon, Manager, 2HS|mrks St., Ottawa.
One of Meny.
"Whol kind of work could you possibly do mround an office?*'
"I'm a kind o' all a round handy man, mister. I kin bold a door open, light a match for ye. look out an' see If It's rainin', call a taxi, drop letters down the chute on' tell folks yer out when ye ain't."—Life.
Meals & Refreshments served on Grounds
An Excursion Train has been chartered by the Ottawa O. Y. B. Lodges, and it is expected
will bring 1000 passengers.
Of
Speaking of Sponges.
•i see In the paper here that the largest sponge ever found Is three feet across and ten feet In circumference."
"That's Just about Uncle Squeeze's «!xe. Isn't ItT'—Cleveland Plain Dealer
outcast
He was aup-
C HKAP EXHIBITION TICKET.*
The six-lor-a-dollar admission ticket* for the Central Canada Exhibition have been put tin sale with a number of agent* and at the head office, 28 Spark* St., Ottawa. All these low rate ticket» will be withdrawn, a* i.*ual. when the Fair oj>en«. Thesegviin ticket* admit to ground* any time and may be u*ed
afternooflU^HHjm dollar strip is economical buying for nearly anv family. This year a round trip excursion rate at wingle fare oyer a radin» of 125 lea of Ottawa will prevail on all railways.
$100
$100
He bought the But he didn't pull the dao-ipcausv he didn't like «hat
FOR HORSE RACING
Couldn’t Expect Him To.
Lady—I'm afrnkl you don’t like work, my good mnn. Tramp—How kin 1. mum? Work’s wot killed my poor wife."—Boston Transcript
Free For All, Named Race and Local Race.
American rules to govern»
Three prise* will be given In eac h

In the course of time
rabbits would have otb*r rah-
JBI______|Xnd the young rubbiia were to
womâ* I be sold for fifty cents, giving the eaa l----------lhal araount of profit on
on the
GOOD MUSIC.
for the grand stand The six-foi a
PARADÉ AT 2 P. M.
,A hearty welcome accorded everybody.
time, gen tier
Ominous.
bits
problem of the
nk the o
First Bmsll Boy-We’d better he zond Second Small Boy-Why? Finn Small Boy-1 beard I be doctor tell mother to take plenty of exerclael-
As for t
after the war, 1 t
will find at
ana the bra
•I
'l**in i i
West of Canad
1.
tra
mi
a till need
en
