###PAGE###1###


O
No. 15, 33rd Year
SHAW VILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE
THURSDAY, SEPT. 30. 1015
81.00 A YEAR IN ADVANCE

-T
. --(—_ . *<r
STORE1
T;
2 Bank of Ottawa
Tlje Merchants Banl^ of Canada
THE HARDWARE
il
ESTABLISHED 1874
Head Office : - Ottawa, Canada.
$ 4,000,000 4,078,200 60,000,000
Established 1864
OFFICERS :
Sir II. Montai;u Allan. . .. K, W. Blackwell. ..	.. E. F. Her den.
Tlje Sporting Season is now in
Capital Paid Up •
Rest and Undivided Profits Total Assets over •
PRESIDENT .. . VICE-PRESIDENT GEN. MANAGER
Paid up Capital Reserve Fund and Undivided Profits .. 7,245,140
.	86,100,400
209 Branches and Agencies in Canada-
A SAVINGS BANK ACCOUNT
Of One Dollar and upward* draws Interest At best current rates.
Branches at Shawville and Quyon w. F. DRUM
A. A. REID
*7,000,000
Board of Directors :
• e
So is our Stock of
Guns, Rifles
and Ammunition.
Anything* Special, not carried in Stock, procured promptly.
Let us have your orders please.

HON. GEORGE BRYSON,
President
JOHN B. FRASER
Vice-President
Total Assets
SIR IIENRY N BATE, DAVID MACLARBN,
RUSSELL BLACKBURN, DENIS MURPHY,
SIR HENRY K. EGAN, HON. SIR GEORGE H. PERLEY,
B C. WHITNEY.
GEORGE BURN, General Manager.
I>. M. FINNIC, Aset-General Manager W. DUTII1E, Chief Inspector.

9
i
i
Acting Manager, Shawvllle Acting Manager, Quyon.

Fort Coulonge Branch Campbells Bay Branch • R. LEGER. Manager. Portage du Fort Branch - A. H. MULHERN, Manager
B. F. CHILTON, Manager
i
l
HENRY’S
“ Business as Usual ”
has made tlje attendance at the
/OGOWLINC S?T /!/)
It's COM ! Xu Î Watch for it—Dover* Annual Fall and Winter Sale— October 9th to 16th.
On your vacation take a kodak with you. Brownie Cameras from #1.00 up. Eastman film* and supplies. Mail orders promptly attended to.
B. Imison, King St.
The fifty-first annual Convention of the Provincial Association of Protestant Teachers will be held at West mount High School on October 14, 15 and 16.
The Bristol Homemakers' Club will meet at the home of Mrs. Jas McMillan on Thursday. Oct. 7th, at 2 o’clock. Subjects ; Demonstration on button hole making by Mrs. A McLeod. Roll call : Quotation from any favorite poem.
The third annual meeting of the Pontiac County
Clubs will he held Hall, Shaw ville. Que., on Tuesday, October 5th, 1912. There will be serions at I".::", a. m p. m.
Don't overlook the bargains in men’s, women’s and children’s winter clothes at I lover’s Sale.
m
J. H. SHAW.
The young friends and companions of Mr. Harold Armstrong tendered him tt party in the Orange hall on Monday evening, in view of his departure for training (pmrters next morning.
Ottawa. Ont.
Since January. 1913, more than 235 students have come to us from other local business colleges.
Our Civil Service record of FIRST. SECOND, and FOURTH places for all Canada has never been equaled.
Do not these facts indicate undoubted superority ?
Our instruction being individual, you may begin at any time.
OTTAWA, ONT
P. S.—Send in your Old Razors for the Boys at the front.
ing next, Oct. 4. for the purpose of for the WAVe of Prosperity that is bound appointing a committee to confer to swpeP over the Great Country when with the Bishop regarding the tip-1 die war Is over f
pointaient of a rector for the | Write for Free Catalogue pariah of Clarendon
m
¦
-

^w-4 U
I). E. HENRY, President. Cor. Bank and Sparks Sts
II. G. W. Bbaithwait Prin.
XV, E. Gowliko Prin.
A Box Social in aid of St. John's Church, Clarke s, will be held on Thursday evening. Sept. 30th, at the home of Mr. James Connelly, Oth concession, Clarendon. Ladies arc requested to bring boxes
W. A. HODGINS
Bead our advertisement on hack and watch for large ifosters
Xl. r r , ...........................The Ottawa Colligiate Institute
Mi** .1. L. t aldwell invite* all the was badly damaged by fire ladies to call and inspect the high class, | Wednesday night last, up-to-date stock of Fall Millinery, which she has recently purchased. He and 1.30, member the place—over J. H. Shaw's
Store.
1
X. Dover.
Iff	BUSINESS	¦
W ILUS COLLEC F
” "	CIVIL SERVICE ”
The School of Kfliciency for those who demand the best Catalogue on request.
N. Î. IIA PRISON, Principal.
Cor. Bank and Albert Sts.
OTTAWA, ONT.
SHAWVILLB
Homemakers' in the Masonic
on
The regular meeting of the Shaw ville Homemakers’Club, will be held in the Academy oil Friday,
Oct. 1st, at 8 i>. m. Program
*	A «elect party of musicians and elocu-	!!,K	, (t* A*.
never known. A. Dover.	the evening of Thanksgiving Day (11th	,	^	.
Octolier). Among the party there arc , ^ext Wednesday—Oct. tl-is the Make your kodak st^ry autographic, some arrow pi ixlivd musicians and enter- ”a , ot t.“e Convention at hurt Date and title every negative at time of Liners ami the I'rngnmnne will b. an	t-x|Hwure. Amographie k.xlak* from
-----	-* - rtiT™.»"ün.sïr'si	»'¦
[ quested to be inesent. Hospitality	¦	----------------—
will be provided for those who re- , I 0prs1^L1L 1 Clyde Gelding 2
I ¦ '	old ; 1 I illy 1 yeai old. and 1 Toni (Filly.)
XX ill be sold cheap, on terms to suit purchaser. Can be seen at Lot 111, Range 5 Apply to R. J. Glenn, Shawville. (juc.
Men’s
Underwear
School Fair a Great Success
The second annual School Fair. . *	,,
held • at the exhibition ball and ,	* r
grounds on Friday last, under the
auspices of Macdonald College “And the Cat came back Demount rat ion Branch, and to employed here, howevei which the pupils of the various aphorism does not refer to Puss, schools of the district had been but to a fact which far out-dis-
eagerly looking forward to for wuee- any accomplishment* ini	--- \	jrroun™
>niue time l>a>t, has passed into the line of “ comebackativencss " Dr. Gabonry, formerly of Bry- during Fair week, a small purse contain-history as a ne vent or much interest ever performed by a member of son, is visiting his son. Ernest at i,,K twelve dollars—one #iu and either and sigmfleance, not only to those the feline family, to wit :	In the Campbells Bay this week	one $2 or two $1 bills. Finder will oblige
ï/Æ	r„d	LSZzii, a «.iawa>Aafcs-
spicuotisly large number of their the store of Mr. J. H. Shaw a razor tary of ht ate * department. Otta-elders who were present to make and it seems to have been a good WttI Y;aa <LV,€’,,t <)f t,lti Hev* Mr. mental note of the result of united j one. It may be presumed that Alltl. Tr,t>ll over Sunday, and
aa&aafisi ;ar	iaa ssæa a—-, Ëifa'MÏ
doubt, the extent of the display manifestations of a hirsute net- Mr. Harold Armstrong, of the Nivolls, Starks Corners, or P. O. address was a marvel. Considered from ivity ; but this is only distantly f U. Dead Letter Branch at He- Shawville. R. R. No. 2.
the view mint of the number and related to the main fact which fU'ia, who arrived home ou a visit |-----------
variety of exhibits, there were not this item seeks to give prominence a short time ago, lias enlisted with WANTED TO RENT—A small farm a few who said the show had “the to. Two or three weeks ago, Mr. the 73rd Highlanders of Montreal. w,th co!?/3rtAble ho“¦«thereon. 25 to 50
pâfiâiÿkp i	sïïHHïrSï S^ÊS-ÆM
-=r~................................
there was probably an equal after they had been regronnd and 1	1111
number ; then, the variety dis- thoroughly fitted up. Quite a plays composed of fruit ami number have res|M>nded to Mr. vegetables, were much in excess of Shaw* ad, and a motley collection
came to make an examination of McDowell 43 rear* ago ! It gives	At Austin, on	Sept. 22nd,	to	Mr. H. T. M« Dowell & Son. Shaw ville. Que.
the tout ensemble they had a tusk evidence of having seen faithful	«»d	Mrs. H.	M. «again, a daughter
before them of no small proper- service and. with a little over-1 —Charlotte Olive tiens:; .and if the hour was well hauling, will likely do duty again, advanced when their work was at |et us hope, till the war is over, last completed, little wonder chon Id be ex presued.
The sections of the Fair in which
ears
A* 9wire to remain over night
this	___________
Personal
We have been fortunate in securing a limited stock of Men’s Wool Underwear at last year’s prices.
FOR SALE—A Two-Speed Big Twin Indian Motor Cycle, and Side Car. in
$2.00 per Suit.
no
We advise our friends to secure their requirements soon as values of this kind will not be had again.
FOR SALE—Single buggy—practically z Rubber tires, electric lights ; a first-class stylish rig; cost $130.—will take SI 10.	Also set single harness.
Apply to J. H. Shanv.
new
We have a large supply of old reliable Fleece Lined Garments. $1.00 Suits.
Birth»
If you want a picture of the Academy
secure one now while the An 6x10 picture for 50c.
H. Imihux.
Boys’ Fleece Goods in all sizes
25 to 45c. a garment.
; and pupil* price ia Iqw
Deaths
ÜSSl iÉlIl ÉpiSilj
S&3s£35 Ff' “t !t - ÜH
while the iwafcry department be- *.\K ' ? an‘ Me*. McDownx ; Rwlfunl Imxeagam mi n >< n » d North Renfrew rural iiitmici|>ali-tokened the result of admirable Me, a few ot your neighW* as we by the lose of then tIm<1 ami onl> tie* lire on n fair way to getting training a* well a* individual «kill, learn of y<mr removal from aiavug w, ,l‘.>,nai.,nn/? sou. ''n » -ucn.in .. .i t.. into the front rank in the matter The competition in chicken*, feel that we cannot (ermit you to go diphtheria on « in « I ; » \ night. In*-* Qf generous giving for imtriotk* raised from «etdag* supplied by without taking this opportunity of »tnken parent- have tne deepest j pnrpoaee. Westmeath started it Macdonald College, brought out a giving expression to the high enter in in j	, Vi> ! " " bu,e community ^ a vote of $2,06) ; Alice &
large uumber of hind-. especially . which you both are held in this locality their nmiction.	Fraser were noon in line with a
of barred rocks ; but few of them During the past five years, you have	- donation of 81,tilt, followed by
would	be	considered	exhibition	been with un you have endeaied your lu the tow nship of Alice, Ren- Rolpli, Buchanan k Wylie, which
stock by	the experienced	|*oultry-	wives to all of Ms by your ready willing, frew Co., on Thursday, the 16th comparatively small corporation
man The beat -q,e< iiuens were to to render any assistance you amid UnaUttt, Agnes Voting, beloved voted $500. Now the township of be seen in the White Wyandotte ! nve While We deeply regret ymir n- | wife of the Rev. M. D. M. Blakleyj Wilberforeg has fallen inW line section. Leghorn-. Minorca* and mogÉfca ***ure yen ih*t we will »<,t entered into rest at the age of 90 with a vote of 81,000. The town other ..n.,i-T.r MH, ;ff| JC , „	.	tf.t,.?''£!
», U4	r 4i hw»w	a 'as	™r*u'
Jr?T-r*t'!rn,t<> y°ur home brother., alao m Cleaved h.i.baiui Thk EqviTV would like to nmk. again and now in conclusion we a*k you R„d son. Trie funeral took place a similar announcement regarding Mlltupt this chair, not fur it* '«due to Norway Bay cemetery on Mou- municipalities on this «ide of the I hTit as a slight token of remembrance. ! day. the 2Hh iff*tant. and wa* at- river. Surely the 81,008 donated
F v«»t r Vnntu FklJKiiM. tended by many old friend* and bv the County Council it not au. ' Clarendon, Sept. Und, 181». •	' acquaintances. *	that Pontiac tan do
Starts Friday (Kt. 8th—The greatest Wgains in men'*, a omen * and children’s wearing apparel and household needs ever known in the history of SlMurilh	¦
Splendid range of Sweaters, Men’s and Boys’, up to $5.00. See our lines and values.
rchandizing. A Dove:
orsaeafced	¦¦¦¦¦
classes for foal# and calve#. in which there was quite a number of entries.
W.A. HODGINS
By wav of amusement the bore provided a pick-up foot ball match.
were awarded.
and


###PAGE###2###
A MARVEL OF VALUE
An Everyday Luxury— No Dust, Dirt or Stems.
K#**X**»
In a week or two he was able to get out of bed, and to move about with a pair of sticks, though he was bandaged and trussed up in all directions. Then he was sent home with a lot of ^I other
Pat Hannigan could no more tell rvvruit for • with a cutting from the truth than he could eat pavin’ » newspaper in his pocket that told stones. It was a habit that grew on «bout his bravery. He arrived at him when he was young, and by-and- ( loonamogher Station late at night, by it came as easy and natural to him !*nd be went to Micky Dolan s hotel to tell lies as it* did to draw his ncro9S the 8treot» and knocked till breath, or to shut his eyes when he ^*l%ky got out of bed, and put his head went to sleep.	; out of the window.
So, of course, nobody in the parish ' "bos there at this time o night? of Multygarry believed a single word be bawled.
he said, and this was a bit oncon- ‘ >ot Hannigan. 1 m home from the
Front”
#“Oh, it’s you, Pat. Go round to the
Hannigan—Hero I
wxsxiWXe.xexs.xe-yisK^Ks**»*^
It’s sure to be Pure w if it’s


i
A
ae
«
».
«

m


@ :
%
B 73
SEALED PACKETS ONLY-NEVER IN BULK.
But insist on “SALADA"
©

Your Grocer has it— or will get it for you.
vanient at times
}
»:


He fell in love with Molly Casey Hut when he started to tell her how back door; I 11 let you in. the heat of his passion was ho strong Micky opened the back door, with a
that he had to take off his flannel Sf™11* m hls I10™1*	An<1 when he 9AW	ua believe he’s been at the wa", and	of the stiffest engagements of th«
shirt for coolness, she laughed fit to * at	bandaged and	limping on two	thal he ^aa killin’ Germans as if they	war he distinguished himself, and hii
kill herself, and said:	n.e cl j ,	. ... were flies."	'	name Is covered with glory. They say
“If I didn’t know you to be such a 0',°' Somebody s been pumi hm ,,p% he can.t cure himself o' telling he will be decorated. I want to web
aa %	» sarïisyss? — - “¦
With Ii„.”	2	Urn rile -f Jimmy Dr»] Hid,, D.I.. .nd the bo„ who h.J
It was getting jjurty serious, and tnc	ua^iowgate in	uiasgow, i oar	han <he practjeal joker—“we’ll have	been composing the "address of web
Pat at last got desperate, and thought aay	„ n 8 a not ,Pot tne ual" w‘	some fun with him. Well pretend we	come” stood very stiff for a while.
he'd leave for ever a place where no-| pa ,	„	. A
body would believe a single word he . ve. been at the war, said I at,
spoke. So, one night, he took the	dignity.
train from Cloonnmogher Station and 4^. now, now. Dont try on any set off for England to try his for- ”f your humbuggm stories wid me
tune among strangers. There was	r*1*'1! T'T/|we were dead serious. But the laugh pardon for doubting him.”
EBEBHHi
Pat nearly jumped with joy. It was the flare when she saw him limping !8	Pat ^"d someone eommg And Molly was sitting be„d. him,
the first time in his life that anyone in zx, n	,	_ , _
had ever said that to him. He never	^be, ‘you fnghten-
ns nnssible stopped journeyin’ till he got to Liver- ”le *or , . minit, with all these
pool, and he started looking for work, bandages. Is it a joke, or have you
Hut there was no work to be had.	in a Prize fight? ’
“1 m the hayro of a European engagement,” r''ys Pat, sitting on the settle-bed and groaning.
“That’s what comes of takin’ too much drink, Pat,” says she.
“I vas in the war, I tell you,” says
B
S'
>:<
A
' For sixty years the	'
Refinery has led Canada in modern equipment, up-to-date methods, and the pursuit of one ideal—absolutely pure sugar.
In the Packages introduced by —the 2 and 5 lb. Cartons and the 10, 20, 50 and 100 lb. Cloth Bags — you get Canada’s favorite sugar, in perfect condition.
“Let	Sweeten it
CANADA aUGAR REFINING CO, LIMITED, MONTREAL
believe his story, that he was at the Front, an' got wounded. We'll get up ourselves," says Micky at last. “W< an add
“Well, we've made nice asses of
of welcome, and present didn't believe him, you see,” says hi it to him, stylin' him the Hero Hanni- to the schoolmaster. "Cornu, well all ’ gan. And we'll wear long faces as if go down to Molly Casey's, and beg hii
so
:*
V

143
up the stairs, and knocking at his with Pat's left hand between her two
! soft palms, and she smiling up at “Will you come downstairs, Pat?'', him while he was talking. And then, says Micky Dolan, coming in. "The as they still watched, they saw Pat boys are anxious to give you an ad- bend his face down to hers, and kiss dress of welcome.”
door
WHAT IT MEANS TO WIN.
as perfect specimens Each individual sale to win a show By A. P. Marshall, Niagara Falls, has its place of value just the same as
with the breeder who merely raises a few for the “fun of it" and plans to beat his rival at their local show, filling out the string perhaps with a few bought birds from a first-class breeder, in this way adding outside blood if it is at all needed.
Above all it seems essential that
her fondly.
“Go to blazes, you an' thim!” says "Come away, gentlemen,” says the Pat taking his sticks and walking out schoolmaster. "Our public welcome and down the stair. “I’ll recruit me must wait until some other night. As health somewhere else. Micky Do- for you, Micky Dolan”—he turned to lan,” says he. “I heard every word the hotel man—"if the enemy should ye were sayin’ down there.”	j ever invade us, I hope the first bomb
“Oh, come now, there's no harm in will knock yer ould hotel into powder-a joke!” says Micky, following him. dust!”—London Answers.
Hut Pat had stalked out of the front door, and the boys at the bar, seeing him leave, called out:
“Where's the V.C., Pat? Why didn't How the Sturdy Albanians Cook Their
Eggs Before Eating.
Then he came to a recruiting office, and he read this sign in a window:
Ontario
Usually with the case of any big subject, controversy or endeavor, the question arises “What is it all about?" or “What advantage is to be gained?" and seeing the value of obtaining a successful conclusion of the effort, the question naturally presents itself “What is the best way to reach the goal desired
Ju	v. in the poultry field,
great many arc figuring out what is the best way to land that coveted prize at some show, either purely from a fancier's standpoint, or from the possible business it will bring. That all cannot get the place is evident to everyone, but what disappointment it may mean, especially to the novice, it the dreamed of place is not secured.
“YOUR KING AND COUNTRY
NEED YOU."
he
Pat was delighted to find that somebody wanted him, and he walked in. Now, now, says she.
T, TTJ,.... r »h,,-|	%%%SLTHÏ--Î	£JStSLrJStS
SB s&s	13 ^ r ^	; sÿ#? 5! :
iiiiiti Rv fh u imK P°RS This makes a beneficial study posai- several places—through the arm and come to believe in your own lies for you had the makin of a fine war- „f eggg and oniong together for about huit es. B> this we do not mean b, h wi„ bH better ^gu,ts, and through the right shin bone, as well through tollin' thim so often. It's nor in you. Now come home with me three hours daily. This proce.s 1,
Zt mWitTTn,, °r Lh'T if the successful method, that work as through a shoulder and a hip. And	-mag,nation workm’ so strong, and if you want a bit o nursin', sure, maintained for ten days, the eggs be-
at might be resorted to immediate QUt are followvt| in the future, im- even then he wanted to fight on, but pat- Take off thim ould bandages an who could put more love into the |ng slightly pricked after each boiling
isSIWi mâism
wwl » m m wrn	h "gainst all comers.	charge of him.	ed. out of the house, and went back to father „ goin to give up hi. own bed wc are told that the sturdy Albanians
tinlinn f	P y T h	Anyone who doubts the great possi- "You won't be able to fight again, Micky Dolan, hotel. He went up- m the room to you, an sleep in the bolt down this new table creation,
mm * is***
peHencJd	which he will be glad to give, will af- your duty."	home again, and stayin' here," he low hu yarn."	[few day, older-i. strongly recon, -
ford information that should furnish The truth again. He turned over, h*»rd Micky Dolan saying. Hesf	ere 18	'	! wan* to see him mended for either frying or poaching,
much to work on for the next year. quite content, and went to sleep very ' n ,n 8ome scrimmage In Liverpool at once- f ve only just got this news- “Fresh" eggs are generally used for
happy.	I or Glasgow, and he's Jryin' to make | Paper and read about him. At one cooking, but nothing else.
EGGS—AND EGGS
9"


To win in a good show with our own bred birds means that first-class breeders are used, mating has been successful, and the birds have been
raised so that they have come	...
through, making the most satisfac- New SyBtem of Handling Fleet Is
tory growth right through. It sounds well to talk of birds coming from this
+
FRENCH SUPERIOR IN AIR
diamond
4
?
diamond
4
I
Superior to German Method
— ¦ ¦	¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ The new French system of hand-
strain or that strain, as being from jjng the air fleet has greatly restrain-the best of one of the most successful
breeders, but that really is the very beginning. Breeds will very rapidly lose their type, and it is very much easier to let them revert to innumerable faults of past generations than to control the breeding and make continued improvement. This is why the breeding of Standard Poultry is fascinating, and has the effect of keeping open a continuous market for good stock for the man who can year after year not only keep up the quality, but show improvement, by ful selection and breeding.
The highest ideal for which might wish to win is that of the satisfaction of producing the best of the
Very frequently however a commercial desire to secure the advertising value may be uppermost, and business value of the win will be the only thing that very greatly
counts Then again, a friendly rivalry I A patient student who watched a between breeders may exist, each hav- garden spider spin its web from start ing a share, first the one having the . to finish has related what he saw. At advantage, and another year perhaps , 9.80 in the evening the spider, a half his rival. This makes real sport, and I grown female, began work by drop-true fanners delight in the effort it J ping from one branch of a pine tree to means keeping up a live interest from j another below and ther/ making the shell to show room.	perpendicular radiating line of the
Considerable of this pleasure is lost web. From that time it continued to sight of where this production of work without one interruption until choice birds Is done on a large scale twenty-five minutes after 1 o'clock the to supply winners for others,-and yet next morning. The net work and the e keen streak of rivalry must radial lines were done by half past
ST. LAWRENCE SUGAR
ed the German air activities, according to a letter from a German aviator printed in the Paris Temps. He
says
HAS LONG SINCE PASSED THE EXPERIMENTAL STAGE
“My squadron has been withdrawn because the French aeroplanes now appear only in large numbers, either for reconnaissance or to bar our scouts systematically task is accomplished thus: Ten machines patrol our line at a height of 2,000 metres and ten more at 3,000, but flying in the opposite direction, so that if the German scout tries to get through he is attacked by the nearest two Frenchmen above and below simultaneously, others, joining if the two are insufficient to stop him. We must follow their example or yield command of the air."
\
St. Lawrence is not a new or untried sugar, in an experimental stage, but a sugar which has a reputation behind it - a sugar which under the severest and most critical tests, shows a sugar purity of 99.99per cent., as per Government analysis. For successful jama and preserves you can always absolutely depend upon SL Lawrence Sugar as its quality never varies. Remember, the slightest foreign matter or impurity in sugar will prevent your jellies from setting and cause your preserves to become sour or ferment
BO
The latter
care-
one

Four Hours to Spin Single Web.
FOR PRESERVING
It is well worth your while to ask for St Lawrence Extra Granulated, and to make sure that you obtain it
Get the original Refinery Sealed Packages, cartons 2 or S lbs
Bags 10, 20, 25 and 100 lbs. each.
ST. LAWRENCE SUGAR REFINERIES, LIMITED, MONTREAL

7ZS
the
3915
ilAMQN
?
4
riving the birds the very best that | consequently be supplied to mature

in less than am
»
into 1 hoar.

###PAGE###3###
U In their midst le by the violet flag with the royal arms In gold, the “Pen* den de Castile/' which la hoisted over the commodious bathing machine. The moment he enters any building this flag la unfurled, and etiquet demands that he must take his sea bath with It floating over his head.
Appendicitis Prevented Life Lengthened Health Maintained
HI8 MAJESTY THE KINO
Soldiers!-
Gl(.LETT'S LYE
EATS DIRT
The Rose, the Thistle, the Shamrock, Dear emblems over the eea,
Are all of them loving tokens Of the homage we offer thee.
Get
<SW;
i
n's
Ideal
The central king of the nations
Is throned on the hub of the wheel, And all the spokes are British oaks. And the feUoes are bound with steel. »
rvu Mltr
rV
Doctors say if people kept their bowels in proper order there would be no such disease on record as appendi-Germany Holds the Record for Fan- citis. It is due solely to neglect, and
is therefore preventable. If you have constipation, bad breath or headache *
Scattered throughout England are you/ need medicine right away. The God of Ivlght sustain thy might! some curious inn names, but Germany moment you suspect your bowels are And may’st thou never forget probably holds the record for out-of- dogged you should take Dr. Hamil- The weal of those mighty dominions the-way eigne and fantastic names.	P,1|le* smoothest regulator of On which the sun doth not set
Th„ ,mo*t .b.«rd	... usually	SJÜS* Si
obtained by th< nam» of somt animal scarcely notice the effect. But you
with a more or less unsuitable object, get the action just the same. Tak_ llf	,	.	„ ,
The Comfortable ( hickcn and the Cold at night you wake up next morning, pray for pence, hut if it cetMfl Frog, both of them in Berlin, are cer-	clear headed, hungry, rested,	ener-	We're	all	at	the	King's	command
tainly left in the shade by the Angry	getic, feeling like a different	man.
Ant (Ort, in Westphalia), and the	why don’t you spend a quarter to-day	From	this	fair land	of the	Maple,
Stiff Dog (Berlin). The Lame Louse	*n<J,try Dr H.amilton’8 PiIls-	They
i. .n innina suburh ofBerlin .»d
not far from it is the thirsty Pelican,, Kinest thing for folks that are out The Dirty Parlor, the Bloody Bones, 0f sorts, depressed, lacking in color the Musical Cats, the Four Hundred- and spirits. Folks tnat use Dr. Hamil-weight Man, and the Boxers' Den are ton’s Pills are never sick, never have all in Berlin or the neighborhood, and an a(,he or a pain,—feel good all the the Old Straw Bag in Leipzig. The ! time simply because the system is Open Bunghole is in Stadtohen, in the	clean- regulated and healthv.	This
Palatine, and the Shoulderblade in	you can	Prove your8el/-
Jerichow. The Last Tear is a landlord’s notion for the name of his inn, situated near a graveyard, visited by returning mourners, and is of frequent occurrence throughout the Fatherland.
«1*
QUAINT INN NAMES.
G
Fo


en
l
Vi
m
i
POCKET SELF-FILLER
for the Name Letters
\

Ü
0

pcwotRt^
,
The Pen for
Active Service. anywhere. Will last for years after the war ia over Regular, Safety and Self-Filling Types. S2.SO and up
Sold at the Best Local Stores
Limited. Montrée
Is always ready to write on any kind of paper.


The pulse of thy Sovereign power Vibrateth In every land.
en

I
L. E
This granary of golden wheat. We bring our tribute and fealty And lay them at thy feet.
FROM SUNSET COAST I ALFONSO ALONE
GETS A HOLIDAY
His View.
Optimist—What do you consider the greatest thing that ever happened ?”
Pessimist—It hasn’t.
Tills the prayer of Canadian hearts. May thy Majesty never lack The men or the might to defend the right,
And the fame of the Union Jack.
WHAT THE WESTERN PEOPLE
ARE DOING.
SPAIN’S KING SPENT SUMMER AS
USUAL.
Minard'e Liniment Believe* Meuralffla.
Progress of the Crest West Told
In s Few Pointed Paragraph*.
Three cheers for the King of England! With three for the Red, White and Blue!
May the King have peace and plenty, And the love of his subjects, too.
—F. Falling, Vancouver, BC.
Her Destination
TRUE PATRIOTISM
In London they tell of an American woman of great beauty and attractiveness who is devoted to the Irish cause. At a social function one evening she chanced to remark:
“Really, I believe I was meant for an Irishwoman.”
Whereupon a Celt arose to the occasion:
i
The King and Queen of Spain Could Not Go to England this
Year.
The excellent patriotic work of the File Indians at Balcarros, Sask., continues, and the Canadian Pacific through Mr. W. R. Baker, the Secretary of the Company, has received another encouraging report. It was in October last year that thirty-three of these colonists subscribed $602.10 to the Patriotic Fund, each farmer giving a certain number of bushels of grain, which when sold amounted to the above sum. During the winter that followed, the now famous File Indian Brass Band gave concerts, thereby raising another $212.00, which went to the Belgian Relief Fund, and since March last, the Red Cross
of this Colony has raised The well-beloved bishop of a cer-$600.00 and endowed a bed in Clive- tain Southern State is so absent-den Hospital. The young Indian wo- minded that his family is always ap-men have done a great deal of knit- prebensive for his welfare when he ting and sewing The branch has a is away from home.
membership of 86, while there are Not long ago, while making a jour-only one hundred and sixty souls- | ney by raiI> the bishop was unable t0
thirty-eight men, twenty-six women find bi„ ticket wben the conductor
and ninety-six children—in the colony. | agked for
The patriotism of these Indians does , "Never mind, bishop," said the con-
not stop here. Two young men went ductor, wbo knew him well. "I'll get to the front with the second contingent, and six more are going with the next. The File Indians lay claim to having the oldest Red Cross Society member in the British Empire in the person of Pointed Cap. This celebrated character says that he is the
It is reported that platinum has been found at Dawson in the Yukon.
A syndicate with $10,000 capital will operate a fruit cannery at Penticton.
NOTHING TO EQUAL
BABY’S OWN TABLETS
The Spanish royal family Is one of Property owners of South Vancou- the few In Europe which takes Its summer must pay over a third more taxes nier holiday as usual, un vexed by the
Mb year	- momentous Issue, of the war. There There is nothing to equal Baby's
Prince Rupert gave a great send-	seems to be no doubt that Spain will	Qwn	Tablets for	little ones.	They are
off to its last sixty recruits for the	remain neutral as long.as the wairooo-	abeolute|y	gafc	and	are	guaranteed
march on Berlin.	tliyiee, this being possible through her
Victoria had a Sailors’ Sunday to	geographical position away from the
advocate church work among the	theatre of war. King Alfonso and
Queen Victoria did not go to England Ships flying the American flag are for thedr annual summer visit because, gradually disappearing among the of course, that would Indicate their
sympathy with Great Britain In the John B. Lovell, one of the pion-	war, and would be considered unneu-
eers of Victoria, is dead; he lived	tral. The Queen has been accustomed
to go to the Isle of Wight to visit her Strawberry shipments from Cres-1 mother, Princess Henry of Battenberg, ton, B.C., exceed all estimates by while the King enjoyed the Cowes re*
! gatta.
Corns AmBi
J Bora, bMsterfn* feet
VU red from corn-pi acted
toes can be cured by Putnam’s
VUICK tractor In 24 hours.
4
4
“Pardon me, madam,” he said, “a
___good many would back me in saying
Exi I that you were meant for an Irishman.”
<
free from opiates and never fail in giving relief from the minor ills of babyhood and childhood. Concerning them Mrs. Albert Bergeron, St. Aga-pit, Que., writes: “My baby was suffering from constipation and teething troubles and Baby’s Own Tablets quickly cured him keep them in the house.” The Tablets are sold by medicine dealers or by mail at 26 cents a box from The Dr. Williams’ Medicine Co., Brockville, Ont.
Putnam's" aootiwe
ay that drawing pain, makes the feet feed good at ottoe. a lie. bottle of "Putnam's today.
Instant
E
Half a million letters are sent to British soldiers on the Western front every day.
seamen of the port.
In a Bad Fix
trades of the Pacific
MOTHERS
Now I always
there for sixty years
REMEMBER! The ointment you put on your child's skin gets into the system just as surely as food the child cats. Don’t let impure fats and mineral coloring matter (such as many of the cheap ointments con rain) get into your child's Wood ! Zam-Buk is purely herbal. No poisonous coloring. Use it always. 50c. Box at AU DruggMt and Stores.
26 per cent, this year There is still a good export trade The summer air of the Spanish cap#-from the coast of sashes, doors and tal Is said to be far from healthy, and shingles to New Zealand
Lumbermen of New Westminster I don, consequently Queen Victoria and will give a machine gun to the Can- her children have took up their rest-
denee at La Granja, near the city of A man posing as a Swiss reservist Segovia, only an hour’s trip by motor was arrested as a German spy in the car to the capital. The King goes ranks of the 64th regiment at Ver-|back and forth nearly every day, act-
ting as his own chauffeur, to meet his Ministers and keep In close touch with official affairs.
RECOVERS HIS SPEECH
the death rate Is double that of Lon
Wounded British Soldier Also Able to
Hear Now.
it on my second round.”
However, when the conductor passed through the car again the ticket was still missing.
“Oh, well, bishop, it will be all right if you never find it!” the conductor assured him.
adian forces for the war
Robert Beck, of Chicago, who was made deaf and dumb by an injury sustained while fighting with the British Army, suddenly recovered his speech and hearing in a Liverpool hospital.
Beck, who was a motor cycle police- ripe old age of 107, and on November man on the Chicago force when the 12th next will attain his 108th year, war began, became a despatch bearer He is now an “associate member” of with the British troops, and was the Red Cross, and proudly wears on struck down by a sniper’s bullet in his heart the little red cross, the em-Flanders. He was taken to Liverpool. b!em of the society. It is quite pos-
From the day of his injury he had sible that in addition to the six latest j	Horrible	Dream,
been unable to hear or speak until he recruits for the front, older members 1	* dreamed last night that I owned
was taken with other convalescents to of the colony will go, as one man who j the earth.” a moving picture entertainment in is the father of nine children has ex-Liverpool. While watching a comic pressed his intention of so doing, and
picture he suddenly burst out in his wife says “I will not stop him.” I °f the month came around 3,000,000 laughter. The next moment he found Despite the fart that a hailstorm last | people threatened to move.”
that he warn able to talk and hear month destroyed all the crops in the ||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||
colony, the File Indians are not downhearted, and have made arrangements to continue their good work during the coming winter months to aid the boys across the sea, thus showing a patriotism worthy of a king.
non.
George McDougall, of Victoria, rescued R. Steele, of the city engineer’s office, from drowning at the Gorge.
Munroe and Premier Lakes, near Cranbrook, are to be stocked with
» a
“No, it won’t, my friend,” contradicted the bishop. “I’ve got to find that ticket. I want to know where I'm going.”
USE ONLY
Royal Summer Home.
He has loaned an apartment at the
Prado Palace, not far from Madrid, to
,	his cousin, Prince Alfonso, and his
salmon fry by the Dominion Gov- young wife, Princess Beatrice of Saxe-
ernment.	Cobourg-Gotha. She Is a younger sls-
U. S. scientists this fall will study ter of the Queen of Rumania, and the habits of the big game in the was educated In England, when her Peace River district and Chilcotin
1
AM-BUK
row CHILDRENS SodTT
\
FARMS FOB SALE
"That was a pleasant dream." | J	%% A/ISUM
“Quite the contrary. When the first ljet« located in ihe b«t section# of On
tarfo A!1	ff W T)n.w*/in Brampton
country.
Moving pictures are being made of the mountain scenery of British Columbia to advertise the railways and country.
’Wilfrid Miller, proprietor of the Coldstream Hotel, on the Malabat Drive, Victoria, was killed in an auto accident.
W. E. Scott, Deputy Minister of Agriculture for British Columbia, says there has been shocking economic waste in the west.
The lumber trade from British Columbia to China has decreased fully 50 per cent., according to shipping men of the Pacific.
It is not expected the salmon catch on the Fraser River will nearly equal last year's harvest, and canned fish is in demand.



;

|> ROFfT-MAKINQ NEWS AND JOB X Offices for sale in good Ontario towns. The most useful and Interesting of all businesses. Full Information on application to Wilson Publishing Com-“I must say these are fine biscuits!” pan? West Adelaide fit. Toronto
exclaimed the young husband.
“How could you say those are fine —
biscuits?” inquired the young wife’s (J
mother in a private interview.
“I didn’t say they were fine. I mere-
“My neighbor, in the most urbane I ^ ***** * must **Y B0‘” way, has notified me to keep my chickens out of his garden.”
“And you.”
“With the utmost courtesy I have
4 Ff ' ""T """
You must have been reading up jjy for years, and consider it the best on diplomatic matters. ’	, liniment on the market. I have found
“Yes, it all illustrates current pro- j it excellent for horse flesh.
(Sigeeil
Mi nerd’s Liniment Cores Dandruff,
, normally
Hi
+
Impelled by Duty

Tea on the Battlefield

Tea suddenly becomes one of the items of war material, and the price has gone up in the primary market about thirty per cent, with prospects of a real shortage and still further advances in price. When warring armies start buying tea for rations on the field with its attendant great waste, and the entire Russian people are suddenly deprived of vodka and turned to tea, then it can scarcely be surprising that such a fluctuation should occur in the price of tea.
MISCELLANEOUS

1 ANGER, Tt’MoItH, LUMPS. ETC. Internal and external, cufed without pain by our home treatment. Write us before too late. Dr. Bellman Medical Co.. Limited, Colling wood. Ont.


The Diplomatic Way
J
i
jm,.



m
rx
'

mein ce
<
Messrs. Henderson & Co.’s latest monthly circular issued from Ceylon and just to hand states: “A feature of the market was the record prices ! I paid for flavory teas. The oldest i | members of the tea trade in Ceylon could not remember such high prices being realized before.”
s
FRESH AT NIGHT
gress. A year ago, over the same episode, we would have been scrapping.”
LLIOTT
W. S. PINEO.
“Woodlands,” Middleton, N. S.
If One Vies the Right Kind of Food
If by proper selection of food one can feel strong and fresh at the end of a day’s work, it is worth while to know the kind of food that will produce this result.
A school teacher in the West says father *aa enjoying his English title
of Duke of Edinburgh. She and Prince
Alfonso made a runaway match a few	're ^on Poisoning the
Air By Chemicals.

Yottf# Ud Charles
l
place many graduate# la poettlo write to-day for College Calendar.
King Alphonto
The Power of Cheerfulness.
TOBOYTO.
OLD AND NEW IN WAR.
Go forth to-day with cheer in your heart! And so, go forth on every day. Surprising will be the power of it You will soon redeem the errors of One of the curious features of this	the past; you will do better work	and
war is the reversion to methods	of	more work. And your cheerfulness
,	_	, ,	,	fighting counted obsolete. The gren- ! and work will choer, inspire and
taiupcl a commission in the French odes, bayonet-sparring, airmen’s lift everyone around you. Oh, wonder-army, and	wanr.(i	m	fight	with	the	darts, and many others, remind us	of	ful is the power of cheerfulness!	Oh.
French	soldiers	In	this	war.	His	mo-	ancient days. And there is talk	of	wonderful is the good it does,
ther, the Infanta Bulalle lives in Paris, rigging out the soldier in steel helmet
to
breesee. He likes to go ddwn to Miramar, the private palace of his mother, the Dowager Queen Marie Christina,
in the Bay of Biscay. He has only to croes the road
Hie Habit
“You’ll have to quit-smoking,” said the physician.
“I don’t smoke.”
“Then you’ll have to quit ing.”
“I don’t drink.”
“Haven’t you any habits?”
“None at all—except taking medi cine.”
1
in this connection:
“At the time I commenced the use of Grape-Nuta my health wa. ,o poor year* a*°- aod Kln* Alfonso showed that I thought I would have to give h,a displeasure by depriving his cousin
of hie mlMtary honors.
The Prince went to France and ob-
ABSORBING
** TQALl ua*k MG.J.S. W. Cff.
Reduces Bursal E
Enlargements, TMcfccosd, Swollen Tissues,
drink
up my work altogether. I was rapidly losing in weight, had little appetite, was nervous and sleepless, and experienced almost constantly a feeling of exhaustion.	‘
“I tried various remedies without good results; then I determined to give particular attention to my food, and have learned something of the properties of Grape-Nuts for rebuilding, body, brain and nerves.
“Since using Grape-Nuts I have made a constant and rapid improvement in health, in spite of the fact that all this time I have been gaged in strenuous and exacting work.
“I have gained twelve pounds in weight and have a good appetite, my nerves are steady and ! sleep sound.
I have such strength and reserve force that ! feel almost as strong and fresh at the close of a day’s work a# at the beginning.
“Before using Grape Nuts I was I of Miramar, to the complete eatisfac-troubled much with weak eyes, but as tlon of their grandmother.
up-
at druggists or delivered. Book 1 M free ABSORBING, JR., for mankind antiseptic liniment for bruises, cuts, wot
Sm..h Up—J.ck—“Wh.t	Al„
to the insane asylum ?" Tom—“A	or postpaid. Will tell
train of thought passed throug his write. Made in the U. 6. brain and wrecked it"
t
For Appearance Sake.
One day Pat appeared on the street with a huge tear in hia coat sleeve.
“Look here, Pat,” protested "a friend, “why don’t you get that hole mended?” "
• “Not Oi, sir,” said Pat, “a hole may be the result of an accident, but a patch is a sure sign of poverty.”
It
nr* “ '
't
at arms was ever a great man with
en
the spade and the short “gladius” it was that won Rome’s battles. How he would smile to hear that the French are abbreviating their bayonets. Macaulay says somewhere that the nation that shortens its weapons lengthens its borders. May It be so In

aw

t
\\\
\
J

4
- DODDS
KIDNEY ^
PILLS

n *



The King's Bath
this case!
/
The royal children take possession All the brave superfluities of war
J	noding
plumes, sabretaches, busbies, feather The children are dreeeed simply In : bonnets, epaulettes, sashes, and rib-sailor suits with short socks, and they bons- all that clinks and shines and I never heard of another food as [stay out of doors most of the day, play flames have been taken away. The nutritious and economical as Grape- I In# In the sand or going In bathing, calling of the soldier has no more part Nuta.”	»	| When the King takes his dip In the sea in the lust of the eyes the pride of
he begins by seating hlmeelf la his the flesh Battles are won by poison-e given by Canadian Postum | mother’s garden In a Utile summer ; mg the air by chemical prescription
house built like a railroad car. It le
V
$55^
"Overatern " V Bottom
//
yÈÊÊÊR
r

m
or Bzat
Freight Prepaid to any Railway Station in Ontario Length lÿ Ft., Beam a Ft 9 In., Depth 1 Ft. • In ANY MOTOR FITS.
on request Get our quotations


W

N
Co., Windsor, Ont
?
run down Into the water, and the only
THE GIDLEY BOAT CO„ LIMITED, PENETANG. CAN.
About the only good thing some men have is • reputation for
A
the curious spectators on
to
A
have of knowing that the King hud
bee

ED. 7
U
###PAGE###4###
Sivrvtary forward a vope\ «.( this iv>oln it t«i the lute ( halles McGuire.
Moved hy conns. Hmuer and Camp WII that wv do now adjourn.
O. T. Drvmmonix
THE EQUITY.
lViliy'a jack*», fancy—Wm Welch 1, (
J M V fiike L\ Y red Smart 3.
Ur< chet wool alipptra—M Ritue l 1,
U Hubha 2% U (¦ 11 »duina 3.
Knitted slippera—It (» Il ui^ins 1, S L O'Hara 2, R llobba 3.
Knitted underskirt—J M Clarke 1.
Knifed lady a mittens, fancy— R L -
1. R H dins l\ Wm Hodgme 3.	r. v.	__	..	,
Kn tted la.ly's gl .ve.-C A Uoullifff r,U> |,|rsl |,°*	|,l<l >'>« Vl"
vei l iso Their Business.
SHAWVILLE SASH AND DOOR FACTORY.
I
Kind to the Bee.
Attention is called to the fact that no one ever seeuis to think of a bee as n bug. insect is about the worst thing they are ever called.
THEY KEPT IT QITET.
SHAWVILLE, SEPT. 30,1915.
Trvrts
i
s

R. G. HODGINS, Prop.
noon xkw.n i itoM	i
SHAWVILLE FAIR
1. U Hobbs 2, !>«• Annitto' g 3.
Knitted men # g'ovos — Dr Arm*tmtu 1, <i A R 'UtliIle 2. Mrs V Duma* 3.
Woc-llt n iocki — R II 'tl>« 1, .1 Y Kmd-lüy 2, R L*gui 3.
tvd drive of thv allied
tgainst the
Thv long Ihitish ami Frvi
ton invaders appears to haw lieguu This is the itnjM»it of the ittvhes that were Hashed across the Atlantic on Sunday h i> waged nearly all along the whole wotern war front, and as a result the Allies are reported to have achieved by far the greatest success recorded since Battle of the Marne, last autumn, when the enemy was hurled hack from the very gates of Paris.
The drive was initiated by a furious artillery attack, before which the fortified positions of the enemy crumbled to pieces, and when the infantry followed up the advantage they appear to have carried line after line of trenches with-
The Prize - Winners.
\i*
Manufacturer of and Dealer in
A few years ago the keeping of foxes for fur was decidedly a novelty.
i

: Doors, Sash, Dressed
Lumber, etc.
Many experiments were necessary
Wooden st« ckines—U	Logan	1,	G	A	with red foxei as well ns black, be-
li utliUe 2, K ll 'bbio	fore a fair proportion of successful
Woulleu tl -ublt* mitts—Percy Dagg 1, matings came to be gradually attain-K Hobbs 2, J \ Findlay 3	, ed. With the^aution characteristic
Gent a shift, machine made—K H bbs of the Caledonuin race these success 1, Jam *i Judd 2	bs were carefully guarded from gen
Gen a shirt, flannel,	machine	male—	eral knowledge. Each year the stock
Jas Jud 1 l, K Hobbs 2.	was more than doubled by natural ln-
Doz button holes, otton—R G L'ttle crease. Many wild foxes were taken 1, Win Pelmer 2t M Bal'antyne 3.	too, the last as recently as 1913. The
Quid, filk, pin h or velvet—H T Me- j pelts were sent by mail. In insured . Fred Suuit 2, Mdtou Russdl packages to London. It was found,
though, that* the skins of animals not Quilt, cotton, fancy pa'chwntk—Geo K *f island ancestry did not fetch the Pa mer 1, Mrs P Dumas 2, R L'giu 3	' ?*ceptional prices. The native Island	....... _ _	...	. .....
?unÿv.u8dthen moreaDd morefare‘ SHAWVILLE MARBLE AND GRANITE WORKS
Qui t, wto’len, fancy iiitvhirtnk — li	l*1 1909 eight or ten black fox
llobbi 1, M 1 on Ituseell 2	’erms were prosperously established.
guilt, woollen—W 11 Pouporc 1, Mis eherishln* their secrets of manage-P Uun.as 2 li A Hodgm, 3.	^nt and breeding and concealing
Qu It. log cabin, woollen—Millon Huî- -he*r lucrative returns. These plon-toll 1, Mr, P Dumas 2, W T llarber 3.	were banded together In a rigid
Quilt, tufted, cotton - It Ligan 1.	lentlemen s agreement not to Impart
AWiïï" W° 11 11 H'blR nfportant'not*tZul7ee"ng =
Kaïn'Îl- •--UX"1""'	1 " 11	" a,'h ‘ I Kiigour 2"\Viide7D,“ 3.'"^" *’ '' "	^%"bl"PfM^aklM was'^fal^ng
Collection cut flowers H	Imison 1, KÜ 11,5	. .	n London decreased from 1 097 In
trated to a depth of five miles, and | L A Smart 2, Thus Findlay 3,	W T Bar- Im, „Lmet , Hobbs 1, R Logan 2,	:he year 1905 t0 560 ln ^ ‘ vear
ber 4.	1	"ml. »t , u-ij n ¦ Oil. All thla time the royal black
Mock mat It Logan 1. W tld.r Davi. prlnce Edward Island strain was
*" i>i ,5'1 Cr*iat, * i.iiii , ...... raining a more assured pre-eminence
Plaited rag mat—B Hobbs 1, Wilder with fur fanciers.
Da y is 2, II 1 McDowell,»	The value of a fine fox for breed-
Ltg carpet, cotton warp—W J Mur. ing purposes Is far greater than its
rwr lt Milton Russell L, (• A lx >uil lie 3. nere pelt value, high as that may be.
So when once the pure bred stock be-
IMlow cover, fancy-R Logan 1, M	fan to be sold alive the alluring
Preudtrgest 2. Wui Hodgma 3	Tices Prevailed upon all the ordinal
¦	Pillow c ver, etnb.-M Pieudergast 1.	a?che™- Sales became general and
liffv 1. H T McDowell 2. Wm Gralmm 3. I R H bba 2, John A Sturgeon 3.	Tlce* tor f°xe» for breeding rose
.	I. .	...	iii Pin cushien, fancy—G A Koutliffe 1,	Shee'a, emb — G A R mtliffe 1	'	...
It ing continued with vigor, ami the Kr.*.l Smart 2, H T McDowell .1.	Tsble runner, emb.-R L gan 1. Wm The brst pairs passed $3.600 or
... sc jjâKcESEE™ s :
.......
1E1Ü
llamlkerclnet. drawn work DA Bu-	Baby s	undershirt, knitted —Jno	M	lecade ranged steadily at not under
kui 1. S L O''Ham 2. Dr Armstrong X	Clarke 1,	W D. vis 2.	i500 per pelt, the mean value being
Afternoon tea cloth, etuh. W H Pou- Baby's uudershirr, crochet—R Hobbs irobably well abive $1,000. Of course l*ore 1, Win Hodgim* 2. M Preudergast 3. I» d >1 duke 2.	nferior or multliated skins classified
Afternoon tea cloth, drawn work—J	Baby's	bootee*, crochet—R	Hobbs	1,	is black fox skins are quoted at from
M Clarke 1, (i A Rout li tie 2, Il G Hod-M M t'Drke 2. XN Welch 3.	125 to $200 on Boston commis-
gins 3.	I Baby's bootees, knitted—J M Clarke 1. Ion house lists; but these are of
.nimals from various latitudes, taken »t all seasons of the year and often ured In the crudest manner.
The lifetime offspring of a single »air of foxes will average well above hlrty animals, and lt will be seen hat the fur value alone of these •rogeny mounts up to a large figure.
Vhen it is computed that many of hese offspring will themselves be •red (and multiply in the geometrical atlo 4—8—16—32, etc.) or will be old for breeding purposes at band-ome prices, it is not surprising that he capital value of first-class breed-rs bas been forced up very high by sland bidders.
Solid fortunes have sprung up. A Charlottetown business man half estingly invested $1,000 three years go ln the spring. The next year he ook out $11,000 by sales, and had oxes to a like value still remaining. !
M1SCKLLAXKOVS Direct»»! in vhargi
nuM
X Six

specimen power*, in oil Win (Ira ham 1, T K Smiley 2, G A Rout li tie 3.
Oil painting, waterscape John Horner 1, R G Ibnlgins 2.
Tainting on glass Dr Armstrong 1,
W H Ton fw ire 2,
G rayon drawing SanVl WihmI* 1.
Vollection pencil drawings T Thompson 1, Dr Armstrong 2.
Water color landscape strong 1.
Oil painting, landscape XX H Pou-porc 1, lî G Hod gins 2, XX K Shaw 3.
Indian ink drawing T Graham 1, .1 A Graham 2.
Charcoal drawing J A Graham 1.
Collection photographs II Imison 1, Edith Hynes 2, D A Baker 3.
Collection county scenes—«11 Imison !» Edith Hynes 2, D A Baker 3.
Collection house plants F Blackwell L J J Turner 2, Mrs George Walsh 3,
A terrific battle
Custom Sawing1.
I
il
II
Dr Arm- iGwtli 1
3
T. SHORE - PROPRIETOR.
I have on hand the finest
stock of Marble and Granite Monuments ever placed before the public of this district, Prices are such that it will be to intending purchasers' interest to consult me before placing their order elsewhere. Nothing too large—nothing too small.
out much difficulty, until an advance of R W Hixlgin* 4
over four thousand yards was made along a front of twenty miles points the enemy’s positions were pene
At some
nearly all the ground won was held.
FENCING AND CEMETERY WORK A SPECIALITY
Special j* highv
An imiNirtant feature of the fighting was the capture of twenty thousand un-
For exhibit of 41—H Imison.
, Collection of photos* taken and fin wounded German soldiers, thousands of J ished by the exhibitor- H Imison.
rifles and machine guns, a number of
'4 merit in class
All Work Guaranteed Satisfactory.
Additions to Ladies' Deit
FANC Y WOMv-(Vlaxs 42.) Director in charge : .1. M. Hodgins. Fin cushion, linen emb.—0 A lbmt
heavy field pieces and a great quantity f stores.
I>esi«telles say the allied offensive is
i *
Fall Suitings
capture of more ini|»ortant positions is
imminent
sians report having turned the tide of battle at different iniints, recapturing >twral villages held by the enemy and cling heavy losses in men and muni-
With a choice lot of
NEW FALL TWEEDS
in stock
we are able to fit you with a Dressy Suit
Call and see them.
Sweaters, Rain Coats and fleady-Njade Suits.
inf
t lullS
Reports of important gains are als< I.limed 1>y the Italian war office side red from all angles, therefore* the intelligence is the most satisfactory re eived in many months.
Von
Afternoon tea cloth, fancy—R Hold is 1, It Logan 2, Dr Armstrong 3.
Centrepiece, white linen emh.—Win Hinlgins 1, Wm Graham 2, HT McDowell 3.
JVYEXILE DEIT
Bristol Council Meeting
Director in charge :
A s y.
Boys’ cq>y bonks—Blake M >ore, Amy Le It y, Lloyd Hubb#.
(inis’ copy bioku—N m Berber, HR Cut libcrt son.
MURRAY BROS., SEVILLE.
131
l
Centrepiece, drawn work—D A Baker 1, Nelson Mv Lei Ian 2. II Logan 3.
Centrepiece, fancy Dr Aimatron 1,
R Hobbs 2, (i A Roiitlitfv 3.
Doylies, eyelet emb. II Logan 1.
Doylies, erorhot —Fred Smart 1, R Logan 2, E Holstein 3.	*
Doylies, fancy—U A Roiitlitfv 1, M Preiulergast 2, R Logan 3.
Tray cloth, emh. G A RoutlitTe 1, M Prendergast 2, V E Smilvv 3.
Tray cloth, fancy M Prendergast 1,
D A Baker 2, (» A Roittliffe 3.
Tea cosey, linen emb.—J M Clarke 1,
1> A Baker 2, H T Argue 3.
Tea cosey, silk emh.— R Logan 1,
Louise Brown 2, .1 M Clarke 3.
Tea cosey, wool—Wm Graham 1, I no
A Sturgeon 2, A Hodgins	M	m
1 il 1 li Table mats, fancy—U A Routlitlv 1, St‘i»t. IS.—Mr. Claude McPliee has 'anadi&n Manufacture of Pulp Pro-
ÆJpzrUÆgrw _ s. ,*• -——»-
4 oun. I ampU-11 gave notice that he Hobbs ± 1) \ Baker*	spend thv winter with her daughter in I	thi8 lime °* war il ,s gratifying
PSIH iiislss Issb-:: ipssi
the inuniui»ttiitys shan of the Bail- j) ^ linker 2, Wm Hodgins 3.	1,1 tJle c*l>lta*-	mlpwood In Canada increased nearly
v.iy Cn bonds for the year 1916 ; also	Bureau cover, fancy- G A lloutlifle 1,	Mr* BoU-rt Thompson and son re-1 en and a half per cent, in 1914, as
fn provide for roadwork at Norway Bay.	p	Logan 2 Mrs B Hobbs 3	turned to his home m \ alley field after	ompared with 1913. Since 1910 the
Moved by conns. Young and Jamie-	Hiiecimen of stencilling-D A Baker	^«ding a few days with his sister,	ncrease has been one hundred and
¦n that By-law No. d>, to provide for , jj j McDowell 2 J M Clark, i	Mrs. J. H. McKillop.	our per cent. The sixty-six active
the municipal government of the town-	p.ir .‘..u PUl\'l ii r	l	Mr. Arnold and Miss Margaret	Me-	,U,P “HI* in Canada ln 1914 conaum-
r? n,y rnn!-, <,ftml;ibe l. and.#P”;	Pillow shams, white linen emb.- M	inJpiéton Place.	ion of pulpwood made into pulp	in
ner that By-law ;6 he filled in with 3* Rallantyne 1, B Logan 2, Wm Welch 3. t Mr:. McLeod has disputed of hish*nada to that exported In the mills on the dollar for municipal pur-	pjHow chains drawn work -HT Vr	threshing engine to Messrs. Boss, Gibson	tate Is Increasing, thus giving
jH.ses ; 3j mills on the dollar to meet Lue ,f Mrs P Dumas 2, E Holstein 3*	and Cadieux of ^uyon	mployment In Canadian mills.
Um Hallway L.mq«ny Imnds, and 5	i>;iinw Hham*. fsnrv-Fr.*I Kmart i	Mr. and Mrs. David Bingham and	*14, 55.7 per cent, of all pulpwood
mills on the dollar for roadwork at Nor- q	\ Routliffe 2	daughter have returned to their home in	produced in Canada was made into
McGuire, deceased.	Li, H T McDowell 2, 8 L O’Hara 3.	<>ltawa sending her holidays The proportion of pulp made by
Moved by couna. Jamieson and Hor- I Fancy apron, white, hand made hcrT 7ll° hcr ny>tber*	. . he chemical processes Is Increasing
ner that the Bailway Commission be Fred Smart 1, H T McDowell i KO Vnte a number of our people visited | m compared with pulp produced by requested to have the summer station Little 3	the Ottawa Fair • amongst them were : he ground-wood process. This is
srs&tt üïa --‘“•***	ssrorssssas
SSSü tSZ&rL mMsSz
yfSngi£85h.SS.^air:a -ESSSSaZT:	* - - -
k.sj-æ,	Lssr,—-- k"«™	t,~. —:J? suc iky- ¦r°~
;tt tin* l<«s Crochet shawl, wool—J M Clark# 1,	"	reod/' which has been complied by
the) have met with, and to assure them A J Mutr.y t, KO Hodgma 3.	_ .. as. m	he Forestry Branch of the Depart
of the sincere sympathy <»f it- members Crochet baby'a jacket, wool—R Logan I r mill V ti flUiQ PflW tent of the Interior and which has in their bereavement. Also, that the 11, R Hobbe 2, J M Clark* 3.	I	U1 lJ f\U v 1De r a J* #en sent to the printer for issue as
The Municipal Council of Bristol met the above date. Present :	Mayor
mpbell and Councillors Young, Jamieson, Horner and Caiupliell.
Minutes of previous meeting read and adopted.
A report was ir.nl from J. Duff re. Divs. No. 4.x and 4fi, and cm motion of CampWll and Jamieson was
(Childien under 10 year#).
Fancy a; run—Mrs P Duma#, W T 11 r be r.
t, D 11, dressed, etc—Mrs H Hob^s I,
I Mr# W T Barber 2
Button holes —Mrs R Hobbs 1.
Piain sewing—Mrs W T Barber.
Bread, h unemade 1« af— Mrs W J Murray, Mis P Dumas.
I
We are ready for Your
15*
Spring and Summer Trade
: ted.
A request was received fnmi W. D. Dagg asking that the road labor from mge i be ¦ hmged into I)iv. i< from Div. 56 Horner and Young thv request was
¦ a
CARRIAGES
Carriage, single—O D Sullivan 1
Roofing,
Troughing,
Ami any Tin work required in building.
Carload of Sheet Iron just placed in stock.
SATISFACTION GUARANTEED,
Q- W DAL.B practical tinsmith
YV e ******** Shawville, Que.

Sheeting
On motion of conns.
ted
‘Ta l
un. Jamieson reported tile bought fr< m M. McDowell to be first class in
<
BRISTOL
11LLS INCREASE rRODVCTION.
PRICES REASONABLE.
The consumption of
SEE
CL A. HOWARD’S War ©rooms
FOR f A f FEW f BARGAINS
3 New Mimro McTntoflh Buggies 1 New Munro McIntosh two seat Express
1	No. 4 Maxwell Churn
2	Bluebell Washers
3	Connor Washers
raw
more
In
Maxwell and Connor 8 and 5 year Wringers Double and Single Harness
2	Second Hand Square Pianos
1 Second Hand Cam Organ, good condition
3	Pair Farm Sloops, slightly used
1	1 mu Heavy Horses, will exchange for pair of drivers
2	New Waggon Geers.
All kinds of repairs and accessories for Ford Cars kept i
stock ; also Gasoline and Oil.
in
Give us a call.
Pulp-
Ch A. HOWARD.


###PAGE###5###
THE EQUITY,
'aiMKS8Sra8îS8SS8$S8SSÎS88î8$$m
R*;%8%8*,S%»8SB8888S ÎÎST»
Are there New Bugs,
New Curtains, or any other New House Furnishings To provide this fall ?
Then you cannot spend an hour more profitably than looking over these lines with us.
When you want the best value for your
, money in ..
CANADA AT WAR
^ Wâîkly Journal devoted to Lootl Iqtereiti.
Published every Thursday
\\ Shawville, County Pontiac, Que.
SHINGLES
.*
g
at $1.65 per M and up
A!»o Laths, Dry Lumber, Clapboard* 80 I Flooring. End Matched Hardwood Floor-^ ing. Moulding#, Doors, etc., try
A. F. CAMPBELL,

«5u h*vhiptiom, $1 a Year in Advance
i€ All arrears must be paid up before in) p iper Is discontinued.
%
—o
S3
ADVERTISING KITES.
Leg il advertising, 10 cents per line for 1st insertion and A cents per line or each subsequent insertion
IIusiness cards not exceeding one Inch inserted at $3.00per year.
Loc il announcements Inserted at the rate of 8 cents per line for first insertion and 5 cents for subsequent insertions.
Commercial advertising by the month or (or'longer periods Inserted at low rates which will be given on application.
Advertisements received without Instructions accompanying them will be inserted until forbidden and charged for accordingly.
Birth, marriage and death notices pub-IshèJ free of charge. Obituary poetry declined.

HO X I’>5
Arnprioi*. Ont.

%
'.r
Canadian Industries Able H to Withstand All Trade îî | Disruption.
Rugs for Everybody
\ Splendid Work Done by | Sir George Foster Brings Results.
PROMPTLY SECURE
Price and selection in Tapestry and Velvet Squares are the pride of our House Furnishing section. From Small Mats to the Large Seamless Squares there is s wide choice of color and design. While prices are low.
%
8
mntrie*. A-k f.,r our INVKN. roil „S AI	which will be sent free,
MARION & MARION.
364 University St
usi, lorruer Lanauian trade agent in iermany.
Since the war an agent has also »een sent to Oriental and other coun-ries with a view to discovering
tor British Columbia timber, ind a very important trade la ex >ected to develop as a result of this tep. The Commissioner of Commerce 'laited British Columbia this sum-uer in connection with this enterprise.
:MS$$$S!îmS88$S8!îS8!SSÎ$î8g!$$ÎS3e
Montréal.
*#
T
HE work which the Department of Trado and Commerce has done for Canada under the administration •»i Sir George Foster would Have been an immensely valuable )ne in times of peace, and its results were, In fact, bringing important and far-reaching benefits to the Dominion prior to the outbreak of war. But the real value of what the Minister of Trade and Commerce has done am: is doing has been proven by war conditions, that Canadian industries and Cana-
1
HOMEMAKERS’ CLUBS.
TIME OF MEETING :
mai-
ns
JOB PRINTING.
Window Shades
All kinds of Job Printing neatly and cheaply executed. Orders by mall promptly attended to.
Austin - First Tuesday, Murrells • Second Wednesday, Elmside - Second Wednesday, Bristol, • . First Thursday, Starks Coreers, Second Thurs. Wyman, -
Window Shades at 30, 40 and 50 cents each. These shades are 3 ft. wide and 6 ft. long ; are mounted on good rollers and complete with brackets. Colors green and cream, in plain or with lace.
JOHN A. COWAN.
Publisher
Pritinh Consular Service.
Each step of this kind Is taken inder the close personal supervision >f the Minister of Trade and Com-nerce. Improvements in the trade lervlce are still being made. One of be early benefits obtained for Canadian trade have been able so sue- Pan commerce by Sir Ooerge Foster
vas the placing of the whole British consular service at the disposal of Janada.
Not the least useful change has
Professional Cards.
The fact
First Friday, Shawvilte • First Saturday, Yarn
DR. A. H. BEERS
cessfully to withstand the paralysing Influences of a trade disruption that
Durable Linoleum
Last Saturday,
of each month.
SURGEON DENTIST
Campbells Bay - • Qve.
Doctor of Medicine and Master of Surgery Mctilll University.
Doctor of Dental Surgery, University of Pennsylvania.
Licentiate of Dental Surgery, Quebec.
bas been world wide. Is due in no small degree to the wise, prudent, ->een in connection with the Weekly
ErSHErE
first In equipping the Department to ! /ears mffered from a lack of what cope with just such conditions, and newspaper editors call “live news." secondly in bringing the improved Its usefulness under these conditions service into the closest co-operation was very small, and its usual destina-with every branch of Canadian indus- Jon wli the waste-basket, try and trade.
The Department of Trade and Commerce under Sir George Foster's
The two important features of pattern and quality are the two points which we keep in mind when ordering. So our Linoleums are of splendid thickness and finish, and designs for anywhere in the house.
8
SYNOPSIS OF CANADIAN NORTHWEST LAND REGULATIONS
It is now
)no of t’.c most valuable of all the government publications.
S. A. MACKAY
'T'HK sole head of a family, or any mal A over 18years old , may homestead a quarter section of available Dominion land in Manitoba, Saskatchewan or Alberta. Applicant must appear in person at the Dominion Lunds Agency or Sub-agency for the District Entry by proxy may be made at any Dominion Lands Agency (but not subagency) on certain conditions.
Trade With West Indies.
NOTARY PUBLIC
Shawville,
Pickling- Season
Very soon after taking office as Minister of Trade and Commerce, Sir 3eorge Foster took up the question >f improved trade conditions as be-:ween Canada and the British West Indies. This opportunity had been ong neglected, although its existence Had been known in Canada as far back as 1892 when, as a member of be then Government, the present Minister visited the Islands in the in-.erests of trade extension. There was 10 neglect of it after the return of the Borden Government. Sir George Fos-:er at once opened negotiations which resulted in a visit of British West InBan delegates to Ottawa and the conclusion of a reciprocal trade agreement, which has been mutually beneficial ia a very large degree.
<dïe ot I m^rl*l° t rade «BdltioStod
o his selection by the British Gov- A settler who has exhausted his home-eminent as Canadian representative stead right may take a purchased home->n the Dominions Royal Commission. *tea'1 in certain districts. Price 93.00
:=###= ÈMmM
ion wi.ii regard to the resources, land. Live stock may he substituted for production, and trade of the several | cultivation under certain conditions. 1
, Dominions with a view to possible improvements. The Commission’s work, although incomplete owing to the lutbreak of the war, has been done with peculiar thoroughness and will
prove of immense value in the reor-guidance has taken Its rightful place janlzatlon of Imperial trade which la as a directing factor in the creation,
Improvement, and expansion of Canadian trade.
Que.

is now here and we are prepared to supply you with the Finest Vinegars and Pure Spices, without which your pickles cannot be a success.
R. MILLAR, L.L.L.


-rm
ADVOCATE.
Bryson - - • Que.
Will visit Shaw ville every Saturday.
5
mm
Duties.—Six months* residence upon an 1 cultivation of the land in each of three years, A homesteader may live with!n nine mile of his homestead on a farm of at least 80acres, on certain conditions. A habitable house is required except when residence is performed in in the vicinity.
In certain districts
good standing may pre-empt a quarter-section alongside hi homestead Price $3.00 per acre
Duties—Six months residence iq each
of three
m
F
D. R. BARRY, K.C.
C. F. HODCINS CO.
a homesteader in
\

BARRISTER, ADVOCATE, *C-


l
&
B •
Office and Residence
Campbells Bay, Que.
iW Visits Shawville every Saturday
V
years after earning homestead Iso 3O acres extra cultivation.
%
l I Just Received I
A carload of Corrugated Iron Roofing
—which will be supplied at about old price.
Roofing and Sheeting of all kinds

%
CEO. C. WRIGHT, K.C.
m.


ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, AC
V
198 Main St. - Hull.
,1
Supplied ns customer# may require.
Estimates furnished.
PHONE BELL
d. Ernest Caboury, LL. B.
ADVOCATE
BARRISTER & SOLICITOR
CAMPBELLS BAY, QUE.
w. W. CORY. C. M. G.f
Deputy of the Minister of the Interior
N. B.—I n,authorized publication of this advertisement will not be paid for.
Furnaces and Bathroom Outfits
Always on hand-
SIR GEORGE FOSTER, Minister of Trade and Commerce. Sketch by McConnell.
GEO. E. WAINMAN
SHAWVILLE.
FARM FOR SALE.
certain to follow when the I III ¦«loses. Interim reports already Issued
%tas .Acting rame minster.	last four years has teen brought up	ble*lnf°o™mationVith(?ega™d°to\he
Sir George Foster while In Ottawa	t0 a P°iQt of efficiency and of direct	present and possible	development	of
fas the acting head of the Govern-	usefulness which has been of the ut-	imperial trade
lent during the absence of Sir	m06t consequence to Canada during
tobert Borden in England. His long	a Period of severe commercial strain,
dministrative experience has special-Y fltteu him for duties of this kind, nd all things went well under bis
•uldance.
war
A very
desirable Property, teing \Ne*t Half of Lot Xo. 13, on the Sixth 1 lange of the Township of Clarendon, containing 100 acres, more or less, adjoining the coronation of the village of
Shawville. Comfortable dwelling house and all out-buildings necessary on a farm erected thereon. Two good wells --one convenient to house and one convenient to stock yard.
Soil jiart clay and part loam, sold on easy terms, ticulare apply to
JOHN O.
Will be In Fort Coulonge every Wednesday nod Shawville every Saturday.
AGENTS WANTED
GEORGE HYNES
The Grain Commission.
—TO SELL—
WALLACES SAD FAREWELL	!,T.5"“b‘ u? Kir,1',.?."
atSM.r'-sr k career
milia, from close association with the handling0 faciBHes.^^Tb^dlffic^B|es
BHiæs mmwm
ONTARIO. Iwrn bow a public can forget I ta one	>f this important branch of the public	rouble and	a very serious one	Sir
time idol; he lived long enough to feel	lervice. an unequalled grasp and un-	Jeorge Foster removed It	Under hi*
the pain of an illness that literally iersundlng of those questions with HrecUou the Government baa built a forced him off the etage.	which he was called upon to deal.
There were many, very many, sad	|,>om tbe ou,8et hls administration
##:# MMm
where Booth and Burrett and Modjee-	phe steps which he took were taken
ka and Jefferson and Florence and	far In advan< j of the war, yet not far
nntfihor d 1Q1E m#D7 members ot one U™*	n advance of the possibility of war.
desirable farm, being the | EnWCdve Monday, UCIOuer 4, HMD, pany, all old time friends and comps n-	How far Sir George Foster may have
fctfKw, 13, in the 6th
McIntosh red apple trees
Embalmer and Funeral Director
Main Street,Shawville.
and other specialties in general Fruit and Ornamental Nursery Stock.
We offer for the season of 1915 and 191(1 a splendid list of hardy varieties suitable for Quebec planting.
Good orchard, Will be For further par-
Personal attention.Open all hours.
Pathos of the Great Actor's Last Appearance on the Stage.
Leater Wallaek lived long enough to
McDowell,
Box 296 Hailey bury, Ont.
Liberal commissions. Exclusive territory. Handsome free outfit. Write for full particulars.
STONE AND WELLINGTON,
Fonthill Nurseiles.) (Established 1837).
UNDERTAKING
SHAWVILLE
HAYES * FINDLAY
MEAT SHOP
SHAWVILLE TORONTO
MAIN STREET
(opposite J. H. Shaw’s.)
All calls will receive prompt personal attention.
CEO. PRENDERCAST, Prop.
cAN ADIAN ^ PACIFIC
RAILWAY CO.
string of public-owned and operated ermlnal elevators from the Great -akea to the Mountains, is building | Fresh Meats, mother on the Pacific coast at Vancouver, and plans to build yet an >ther at Port Nelson in connection vith the construction of the Hudson’s Bay Railway. The last of the prairie levators, that at Calgary. Is in opera-ion this fall. The Grain Act also - „	.	, A , A — -	,	- U^*raa overhauled. Its defects removed.
^	¦sansr- m“- aMar
wa, due Shawville 10.15 a. m., and Uc IdoL	|;he measures which he took In the
Irst few months of his ad min let ra-ion could not have been adopted nore happily bad be known tbe cer-aintjr of war and the day of Its com-
W. J HAYES.
J. V. FINDLAY
Cured Meats.
Sausages, etc.,
Change in Train Service
Always on hand.
FARM FOR SALE
Hides and Pelts bought and highest market price paid.
A very East Half of
range of Clarendon, situated one mile from Shawville,
acres. Front half clay loam, rear end train No. 544 Waltham to Ottawa They were an there that night, all the lighter soil. Six acres good hardwood due Shawville 2.55 p. ra., will be	arttsta, all society, all the great
I.iuh. Urge dwelling houae and fairly cancelled until further notice. public, every one. Indeed, but tb. man good outbuildings and fences. With _	,	.	...	.	.	himself. It was much like “Hamlet”
good payment down, easy terms will be r/norp^rtver	,V u rtM app 7 any *lth the prince left out Loud calls
K'ven for balance.	^	Tj." HEBERT.	-------------------------
About War Contracts.
During the early months of the « a r Mr George Foster had much to do vlth the British Government's war purchases In Canada, and in this cap icily he showed himself aa keenly Jert in the details of practical business aa In the larger questions of departmental administration.
The ocean freight rate problem vas being dealt with by Sir George •>oeter before the outbreak of war. be question increased In magnitude nd In difficulty with the withdrawal »f so many large ship# from the Candis» service by the British Admlr-
acute this fall
rith the necesalty of providing ade- I Any person or (persons found tree-mate tonnage for the t rani portillon pawing on School property in the Man-
sx.?,1:,0”'" 't— i%11«—». *5 i-«.
emitting attention and study, with
I •
TENDERS WANTED
Dg.
Tender# for the building of a Wood Shed in No. 14 School District, Clarendon, will be received up to two o'clock, p. ra., of October 2nd, 1915.
M a. McKinley,
Asst. Sec. Trees.
Seeking Trade Openings.
He gave his attention from the beginning to the development and itrengthenlng of the external trade >f the Dominion In existing paths and o biasing new trails of co ie created ¦ new office; that of Com-in.hmtoner of Commerce, and installed .	, n it a man of wide experience, Mr.
the night be tic hard Grlgg. until then a British
Wallaek.
Where was be? Up to that
H. E. BROWNLEE,
R. R. No. 1, Shawville.
Hontreal. Que.
1st Asst. Genl
nt.
%
fee.
Sept. 6th, 1915.
NOTICE
NOTICE
CAUTION TO HUNTERS
PUBLIC NOTICE
rade representative in Canada. Mr.
Îpersona whomsoever, without my writ-1 Gnomon C HoDoixa, JounCwox, V‘«‘ order.
to go, but better
Irlgg not long afterwards undertook
railed, and when be appeared before I m official journey through the Orient
md part of Russia, spying out new narketa In parts of the world where
<>r
outside, shall be dealt with according to
This, his lest appearance before the | here exist trade possibilities of great
m portance to the Dominion.
law.
¦as
he result that arrangements are
Robot V mmJHH	¦
Antbont Aimstbowo, J. C. Hatbs Clarendon, Sept. 17, 1915,
public, took place on May 21. 1
He
By order of the Board.
he outbreak of war another agent
Dg made which will go far toward
M RAWHOUSE.
Sha vville, August 30, 1915.
m a. Mckinley.
Asst. 8ecy-Treas
t into Russia. Mr. C. F
he solution of the whole oroblem.

###PAGE###6###
f
just before war broke out—in fact, some of the staff of Sir John Jackaon,
Ltd., the contractors, were taken prisoners by the Turks.
The problem of producing cheaper wool is the problem of utilising the desert lands of America and Australia.
Luther Burbank attempted one partial e GABRIEL solution of this in the artificial breeding of a spineless cactus. Cactus-leaves, if not thorny, would form food and drink for sheep, and large areas Europe's Future Prosperity Lies in of Bancjy desert might conceivably be
utilised by planting them with a rapidly-spreading spinless cactus.
Man's Great Enemy.
POET DROVE HE COUNTRY TO WAR
T rights of all neutrals, not only In this1 war, but In any wars that may follow, and thus forever destroy the rights of neutrals, if the law Is not upheld, and giving to the nation having the strongest naval power the right to dictate the world’s vummeroe. If we yield to |
British violation of the law today, we BURNING UP HER PEOPLE’S CAP may have to yield tomorrow to a like	H|HH
violation by Russia, Germany, or Ja«
GERMANY PILING PAPER ON PAPER
About the Household
D’ANNUNZIO ITALY'S NATIONAL FIGURE.
To make an old fowl tender rub the bird all over with lemon juice, then wrap in buttered paper, and steam for two or three hours, according to size.
Add a little ground ginger to rice puddings just before placing in the oven. Half a pint of water can then be mixed with the milk and the pudding will taste just as well.
A sandwich hint.—When buttering bread for sandwiches knead the butter on a plate and mix the mustard with it instead of spreading it on the meat.
A sure test of linen is to wet a portion of piece and if moisture is quickly absorbed and shows through to other side you will never be mistaken about linen. This is a never-fail test.
To revive withered flowers plunge the stalks in boiling water and leave them in it till it becomes cold. Then cut about one inch from the ends of the stalks.
If you wish to prevent green vegetables from boiling over, drop a piece of dripping the size of a walnut into the centre of them, just as they commence to boil.
To remove tea stains from woollen materials, cover with powdered fuller’s earth, dry and leave for twenty-four hours. Then brush out, and the I
Selected Recipes
ITAL IN WAR
Foamy Sauce.—One cup sugar, one cup milk, three egg whites; rind and juice one lemon. Heat milk. Beat egg whites stiff, adding sugar gradually. Add milk and flavoring, beating all the while. Serve when foamy.
Scalloped Parsnips.—Mix two cupfuls of cold mashed parsnips with two tablcspoonfuls of butter and cream enough to make smooth. Put in a pudding dish, sprinkle with buttered bread crumbs, and bake until brown.
Oyster Plant Fritters.—Scrape oyster plant and grate fine. Make batter of one cup milk, two beaten eggs and two tablespoons flour, beating hard. Add grated oyster plant. Season with salt and, pepper, and drop from spoon into deep, boiling fat. Fry to golden brown.
Fried Summer Squash.—Wash and cut young summer squash into slices one-half inch thick. Sprinkle with pepper and suit and dip in fine crumbs. Then put the squash into a beaten egg diluted with one tablespoonful milk and again in crumbs. Fry in deep hot fat until lightly browned.
Crumb Tarts.—To one cup crumbs use one egg, two tablespoons milk, one-half cup sugar and one-half teaspoon baking powder. Line sides and bottoms of muffin tins with mixture made of foregoing, leaving space in centres. Fill spaces with apple sauce and a few raisins and bake twenty minutes in moderate oven.
Meat Fie.—One and one-half pounds neck of beef, three pints peeled potatoes, one large onion. Slice onion, and put to stew with beef. Cook and mash potatoes, adding one teaspoon salt and saltspoon pepper to each quart. Line baking dish with one-half the potatoes. Put in stewed meat, seasoned to taste with salt and pepper. Cover with rest of potatoes and bake fifty minutes.
Peppers Stuffed with Mushrooms.—
Cut off the small end from young green peppers. Carefully remove the seeds and partitions and parboil five minutes. Mix two cupfuls of soft breadcrumbs with three-fourths cupful of cream. Add one cupful of chopped mushrooms and one-fourth teaspoonful salt. Fill the peppers and stand them in a baking pan. Bake a half hour, basting with one-half cupful of water mixed with one tablespoonful butter.
Liver Loaf.—One calf’s liver, one-half cup bread crumbs, four slices sail pork chopped, two tablespoons chopped onion, one cup water or stock, one-half teaspoon salt, one-half teaspoon kitchen bouquet, one tablespoon vinegar, few grains cayenne, few gratings nutmeg. Wash liver, chop and cook in boiling water five minutes. Drain, add bread crumbs, chop, and add remaining ingredients. Press into pan, cover and bake one hour in slow own.
pan
The U.S., as the most powerful of the neutral nations. It Is claimed, must not permit such violations of law, but must hold all belligerents strictly to Its observance. While Germany feels that she is lighting for “Kultur,” and [ England feels that her fight Is for civilization, so America feels that she Is called upon to uphold the rights of
Previous to the Present War He Won a Great Reputation in Parle.
Use of Science to Com mcrcial Problems.
In an article published in London Again, the jungle-lands of Central The story of Italy and the great Answers last November, under the Africa, Brazil and the East Indies of- war is the story of Gabriolle D’Annun-title “Can Germany Pay the Piper?” for vast possibilities for the growing zlo, the Italian poet and patriot. Who the writer suggested that the strug- of rubber-trees, cocoanut-palms (for knows the history of his passion for neutral nations, as those rights have g|e wag |jgeiy to be a long and very nutbutter), bananas, palms, and sim- Italy and the widening circle of bis het'n established by centuries of strug- exRaUBting one; and, granted that par sources of food and raw material, love that shrines the Latin peoples, gle. Our clash with G. B. grows out Germany aad Austria were beaten, The great difficulty is to render them and can interpret the peculiar quality of the restrictions she has seen lit to they wou|t| probably become bankrupt habitable. Central Africa at the pre- of his contributions to this last1 tense Impose in the name of "blockade,”	am| una|,ie to pay an indemnity suf-	sent moment is being devastated of	period	in	Italian history,	knows beet
while our clash with Germany arisen	fluent to reimburse the Allies.	population by a scourge which is	the story	of why, with	month on
i from the restriction# that she claims	! This conclusion has been greatly	carrying off millions.	month	of	warning, Italy	sent her le-
the right to impose upon contraband fortified by subsequent events. Ger- For the last ten years or more glons against her ancient enemy, ami i he ships that can y it. The acts	many has proceeded to finance	her	scientists have	been trying to find a	Italian hopes have been welded	Into
of one nation in carrying out her poi-, wur on lines of piling paper on paper.1 specific against sleeping sickness,	(he symbolic personalities of two men:
ley have resulted in the loss of Ameri- To use a homely analogy, she has been ! They have succeeded partially, but Garibaldi afid D’Annunzio. Garibaldi can lives, as well as American proper- inducing her people to pawn their not entirely. There is no doubt that was definitely the leader, setting his ty, while the acts of the other nation g00ds and chattels and give money to after the war research will proceed, torch for Italy. But D’Annunzio is the have only resulted in the loss of Amer-	the war, and then to pawn their pawn-	and, if the disease can be eliminated,	torch,	made from the	cumulative
lean property and profits on the sale	tickets and give the further money	it will be a big step towards obtain-	flames	of	the folk heart	of Northern
of goods, yet both nations. It Is claim-	thus raised to the same purpose.	ing a revenue	from Central Africa	Italy, the artist’s gardener who	lent
ed, have violated the law, and both	Everything at Stake.	which will help	to meet the war-bill
justify themselves on tl e same ground	t Reverting to desert lands, another tlon of his countrymen. He made a
of military necessity. Great Britain’s When hvr next great loan	’ method of reclaiming thciin is to uti- tremendous impression when, as Deposition. however. Is a little different XN llt n!,l;v, u \Vy 8 ° ,.J’ .	_ lise syn-power. Energy so obtained tlonal poet, he was called to make the
makes an excellent meumr,.	thereby to take In destroying such a du^'*1	.	, focus them on to a water-boiler. The
barbarous enemy. As Sir Kdward We 8h°uld. be rZ?ution, which «‘earn so produced can, of course, be
ssszæ ' i z aaz
All luxuries would be forbidden us, mad(' commercial* pract.cable can be and life under such conditions would gauged from the-follow,ng Agu es: be intolerable. Those who think that Coal. m Egypt costs about 13 a ton, they would emigrate, if the worst and «• "ow ™'n* » Prlc<?i »»";POwer
ss	™ rr-K
forbidden. We should be caged and j'«ratU8 can be unproved-and after chained to these shores.	I thpfwar ",Tar.ch w,ll,be resumed-the
The above is no idle speculation 1 cost would bp lowered‘	1
about Germany’s intentions. She has done this very thing with Belgium.
The unfortunate inhabitants are caged inside a network of barbed wire ex-
4
his spirit for the showing of the etno








Y


GREAT BRITAIN AND U.S
-**
America’s Clash with Great Britain on Trade in Contraband Goods.
cd universal recognition. Is that, by
means of blockade, a belligerent is en-U liilo international law and general | titl^d to cut off the sea-borne com-usage give the right to a belligerent | merce o( hls ellemy nation to intercept all vessels scheduled for the parts of the enemy, Great Britain goes one step further, and claims the right to intercept all vessels containing contrabrand goods, destined to neutral ports, providing the goods are to be re-shipped*from such ports to the enemy’s country. To this alleged right, America enters her protest, hence the quarrel with	Great Bril-	Were it not for the fact that a wo-	„	,	.	_	,	-	,
This is a new phase	of interna-	mnn derives a good deal of pleasure	tending all along	the	Dutch	frontier,
tional law, fo* which there	exists no	from hcr wardrobe, the necessity for	lllelr	onI-v mvans	of cxlt
certain precedent, as such	right was	a grvat variety of clothes for differ-	Working for	the	Usurpers,
seldom, If ever, before claimed in the

, A
\
The situation, ipon an> view, is decidedly lnterestiag
to all, and 1 trust it will be amicably settled.

r
CHAS. M. BICE
Denver, Sept. 8, 1915
Let us assume that sun-power can eventually be converted profitably into irrigation power, and follow out the consequences. The acreage of desert-land available is enormous.
Taking both sides of the alluvial
Smart Morning Dress
Oabriele D'Annunzio
ain
commemorative speech at the anniver plain of the Nile in hgypt; th* sides yary of the famous expedition of tiarf of the Euphrates and Tigris for 400
miles above the Persian Gulf; a strip a mile wide along the rainless portion of the western coast of Califor-
baldi that united the two Sicilies and gave back Naples to the Kingdom of Italy.
A year ago one might have said that Garibaldi as a figure was losing lustre, and for years D'Annunzio has been the voice of voices for Italy, his the memory that could not forget, the brightest mirror of Italy's half buried hopes.
There has been no period In the whole of his life when he has not been D'Annunzio the patriot. He was that in the days of his earliest humble Journalism. Through all his work he has missed no chance to celebrate the greatness, past and future, of his coun-
Belgian factories are ordered to ance. A wardrobe can be made a produce Government goods. The em-most satisfactory necessity if the pro- ! ployers are subject to a fine of £50 a per discretion be exercised in the day or more if they refuse to do so.
ent occasions would prove an annoy
world's history.
But Germany is peculiarly located geographically, hence the question becomes important. Great Britain has effectually blockaded all German port's, but Germany Is continually receiving American goods via the ports of Holland. where they are re transported to Germahy. The que&tion presented by these facts is this. Has Great Britain the right to seize the cargoes of ships, billed to Holland ports, whenever she has good reason to believe that such cargoes are destined ultimately for Germany consumption? Great Britain claims the affirmative of this #ssue, while the United States, with equal emphasis denies this right.
Both Great Britain and Germany claim that their acts respectively, the former tHe right to seizure, the latter the right to destroy by the submarine, are based on the urgent necessities of the present war. Germany claims that Great Britain has no right to Intercept contraband goods billed t<* a neutral port, though ultimately designed for Germany, and because of this alleged wrongful act, Germany made use of the murderous submarine, as a war necessity. America claims that no mere war necessity is a justification for the violation of international law.
these would furnish sufficient sunshine for nearly ten million engines of 100 h.p. each.
Further, there are the illimitable desert-spaces of the Sahara, Central Australia, India, the Western United States, and South-West Africa.
ma
In a certain factory workmen struck.
What was the result ? They were confined to the building and kept without food until they signed a paper promising “voluntarily" to return to work and produce goods for Ger-
the other innocent inhabitants of the many ways in which science can help town wt-re confined to their houses to solve the problem of how Europe after seven o’clock of an evening.
But when the allies win—as they will win, if every man and woman lines up for the struggle—we cannot impose that monstrous system of slavery on Germany. Our ideals of humanity forbid it. We cannot out-
Prussia* Prussia, however deeply sh<* Reasons for the Shortage in Resonant has sinned.
It has been suggested in responsible quarters that, in the event of decisive and overwhelming victory, the Allies should take over German and Austrian State railways, and run them for our own profit. This is quite practicable, and does not.conflict with humanitarian principles.
i
Pittsburgh Potatoes.—Wash and pare potatoes, cut into one-half inch slices and slices into one-half inch cubes—there should be one quart. Add one small onion, finely chopped, and cook in boiling salted water to cover seven minutes. Add one-half can of pimentoes cut into strips and boil five minutes, then drain. Put in buttered baking dish, pour over two cups of white sauce, to which has been added one-half pound of grated cheese, and bake until potatoes are soft.
Pear Dumplings.—Pare, core and mince six large, ripe pears. Mix with them one-half nutmeg grated, two ounces clarified butter, sugar to taste and four well-beaten eggs. Add enough finely grated bread crumbs to make mixture stiff and smooth. Mold into egg-shaped balls with bowl of large spoon, dip into boiling water and simmer one-half hour. Serve in heated dish with sugar and dash of cinnamon. In separate dish, serve milk sauce or other pudding sauce, if liked.
The above will indicate a few of the


is to meet the war-bill without industrial slavery being enforced on the losing nations, or poverty on winners and loners alike.
try
It Is in the preface to "La Nave" that he speaks of "the very bitter Adri. atlc,” and later as “our sea” a little wistfully, and dwells upon the better days that It shall see and what free-Instrument».	o.brl.l. D’Annunzio.
Just lately there has been a short- dom |t shall take For these touches, age of drums, and some of the new. disagreeable to Austria, the sale of the bands have had to wait a little for book was forbidden. In another place their most resonant instruments. ' he makes a point of expressing a wish Curiously enough, there is a close that an Italian aeroplane should fly connection between Germany’s mid- over all of those lande where Italian day meal and this shortage. Ger- was spoken, and the Italians through-many is a veal-eating country, and out the Trentino secretly gloated our tanners formerly bought the calf his daring.
It is also practicable to take over skins it had to dispose of. These skins
*
HUNS AND DRUMS
ft
/
over
Useful But Not Enough
German capital was good to Italy,
the income from the postal .system, were beautifully prepared and tanned but Italians felt a kind of uneasinee* by the destruction of neutral vessels	from electric lighting, gas, and water in England, and practically became a lest they were paying for kindness by
not carrying contraband goods, or by	^C\	—in fact, from every form of enter- British production, for German tan- the relinquishment of national secret
the destruction of belligerent vessels	prise now in the hands of the German	ners simply cannot approach the	Brit-	strings
carrying neutrals or non-combataants,	and Austrian Governments.	ish in work of this kind. The vellum
at least without warning such vessels	y0 9048.	But even these will not suffice to so obtained was then sold to the drum j To Annunsio tbeee banking proband giving sufficient time for all on	pay for the many thousands of mil- manufacturers for drum-heads, as	bad no interest the vr-v
board to safely escape.	planning and making of the clothes. Rons burnt up in war and the huge they are called.	I llal lay ln n)U jtaly to a Benee o(
It Is apparent that the questions are One of the frocks needed and used pension list to which every belligerent It is true that a short time before defence she must make against not only perplexing, but are three very much is the morning dress, a country will stand committed.	the war Germany began to eat more anen Kultur. D'Annunzio’s success In
sided, with three nations	as respective delightfully	smart and up-to-date ex-	We and our children and our grand-	beef, much of it cow flesh, and less	Fradce since he went four ream .«k tc
1er for basting roasted meat and for	litigants, and	while the	whole matter ample of which is Ladies1 Home Jour-	children will have to pay—in taxes	veal. The young calves were accord-	parj8 has been ono of the wonders ol
Involves the simple right to sell goods	nai Pattern	No.	9048,	shown	here-	and in reduced scales of living—unless	ingly allowed to grow, and the	con-	the literary	and	artistic	world.
Starch is improved by long boiling, and make a profit, the questions back	with. The	four-gore	skirt	is	length-	new sources of natural wealth can	sequent shortage of skins had	al-	At the	beginning	of	the	war D’An»
instead of being made in the usual	of this are of a far-reaching character.	ened by a three-piece circular	be tapped.	ready begun. There is now little	n„nzlo was	In Paris, where he flu g
hurried way.	The London Morning Post has this to	flounce prettily embroidered with de-	The one big hope for an impover-	doubt that Germany had economic	himself Into	an ardent sympathy with
If a pinch of salt be added to the	say about it: “Americans will not, we	8jgn No. 14,736. Pattern cuts in sizes	ished Europe lies in science.	reasons in mind for this change in	France, but	with the growth of the
sugar used for stewing sour fruit are sure, In this great crisis, allow gg to 42 inches bust measure, requir- Scientists will have to devote their diet.	pro-war sentiment In Italy overwhelm-
much less sugar will be required. material considerations of passing ing 8ize 36, 6tt yards of .36-inch knowledge and research powers to the We might rely on France for calf- rd by hie sense of the kinship of the In making» children’s dresses which	magnitude to	individuals	but no more. material.	alleviation of the burden. Cheaper	skins, as France is also a veal-eating	latin peoples, he returned to Florence
will need letting down, stitch them	than a grain	of sand ln	the scale of1 patterns,	15 cents each, can be had	foods, cheaper materials of clothing	country, but unfortunately, just after	and passionately appealed for war on
with 100 cotton thread, and you will	civilization to Imperil the world’s fu	at your	Ladies’ Home Journal	and building, cheaper transport,	the outbreak of war, this country for-	Austria. It	was, many believe, really
have no trouble in ripping tucks or	lure.” This would seem to Imply that	pattern dealer, or from The Home Pat-	cheaper mechanical power—these are	bade the export of skins. Naturally,	his influnce	that swung hie country
hems.	while O. B knows ahe Is violating the tern Company, 183-A George Street, the developments foreshadowed.	it is very improbable that the French over with the allies.
To clean brass flower pots or trays, law, America should overlook it in the Toronto Ontario.	This, again, is not an idle dream, authorities, when they framed this
rub them with a piece of lemon; then Interests of civilisation.	________*	_	Ever since 1900 scientific research has j regulation, gave so much as a thought
pour boiling water over them, and fin- But Germany would doubtless make	been attempting to produce by artifl- 1 to Its interfering with British drum-
n similar pl<-a in Justification of her	Cheap Doctoring.	ciel means the substances called “pro- making.
Anxious Mamma—Little Dick is teids,” which form the basis of meat upstairs, crying with the toothache. The problem is an excessively dif-1 the shortage of drums Is that ash Practical Papa—Take him around flcult one, but it ia not impossible of wood, used for the sides and flesh- true to yer aa me old donkey la ter to the dentist’s.	solution.	hoops of the drums, is difficult to ob- me.” She—"Go hon, ’Enery; don’t be
I haven’t any money.	Artificial fertilisers can now be pro- tain owing to transport difficulties. m.xkin’ an sea of yerself.”
You won’t need any money. The dticed from the air by a chemical pro- Then, again, brass and copper are toothache will stop before you get cess and, when strewn on the fields,1 quired for the munitions, and are "Before I married my wife I could there.	are converted by Nature Into plant- scarce for other purposes. Even the have listened to her sweet voice for
food. It la probable that the present paints for the drums are less easily hours,” said Smith to hia friend, cost of these artificial nitrates will be obtainable than heretofore, and many “Yea—and now?’ asked the friend, reduced by further research.	of the painters have joined the “Now,” said Smith, with moisture I»
In the matter of clothing, we have Army.—London Answers.	1	------“* u-----"
to look to cheaper cotton and wool as the staples. Extensive growing of
Success In France
Household Hints
Lace continually cleaned with gasoline or naphtha will turn yellow cuickly.
Good lard is much better than but-
frying
It is also difficult to unteach a new dog old tricks.
ally polish with a soft dry cloth
When boiled and unboiled eggs get submarine depredations, that it la done
Inffrests of Germs* and so there would be no end to the violations of the law.
Undoubtedly there are large trading interests ln the U 8 which chafe increasingly against their inability to run their goods Into Germany and sell them at war prices, such, for instance, as the cotton growers of the South. England, as la well known, has lately placed this class of goods on the Hat as contraband, so the question deepens
r I 1
Another cause which conduces to
H
"Marry me, Liza, an’ I'll be as
mixed, spin them, and the boiled ones will spin quite fast, while those which have not been cooked will hardly spin round once.
The hair mattresses which are filled with black hair are much better than those filled with white hair, because the latter has generally been bleached and ia deprived of its •ringi ners.
When cooking haricot beans add It to the water first, and they will cook in » third of the time, and will
“What does this mean, Bridget?” exclaimed the lady of the house, returning from shopping. "The telephone’s been taken out” , “Sure, the girl across the way come and said her missus would like
?
Most British battleships are de-
Bill—“Why did you break your cotton In British East Africa and in I gagement with that school teacher ?” the Mesopotamia Valley would help Jack-—“If I failed to show up at her to reduce the price. British engineers heure every evening she expected at work on huge damming and to bring a written
am time goes on
ms
fended against the attacks of torpe-
The American press Is divided on
to use it for a little while, and I mint it over to her; but 1 had a terrible job
of
these questions,
the matter Is not simply one of maintaining the rights of neutrals, but of
claiming (hat
When pickling, boil the corks for bottling, and put into the bottles and jars while hot, when cold they will
tfohtly.
be
nt

getting It unscrewed from the wall,
signed by
of
irrigation
standing by the law that protects the


N
###PAGE###7###
nTiV. TfflBUjB !
f
s
I
_____lH There were others to step Into that
o 11 breach. He had a fighting arm, oCa 18 wbich he had been taught to use, and
his place was in the trenches. To the trenches then he would go.
The rest of the day was spent in calls at steamship' and other offices connected with his journey. There was a boat going out next day, but he could not be ready, and must wait till the following Wednesday. Late that night, in his luxurious bedroom on the fourth floor of the Astoria, he wrote a letter to Grace Babbacombe.
“Sixty hours after you get this, my dear, you may look to see me face to face. I will come straight to Erith, because nobody except you will know I am in England. Do you understand what that means, Grace? It means that I want you. Heavens, how desperately I want you! I can't set it down in words. But before I dare ask you for the word which will make heaven for me out of a very troubled and, up to now, unsatisfactory earth,
I shall have to be at your feet. I have been wrong, my dear, wrong all through. What I ought to have done was to beg you to come here with me to help build up the new life which is as dust and ashes in my mouth at the moment when I write.
“I know now that it has been dust and ashes all through. I've missed the best God send it may not be too late to come up with it yet. Couldn't you have done something to show me the appalling magnitude of my folly and selfishness? It is greater because I have loved you all along, and I only waited the convenient season.
1 What happened to the man in the Bible who kept on waiting the convenient season? I seem to remember something about him, but you who read it so constantly will be able to put me right. Side by side with this overwhelming desire to see you, to
hear your voice to beg a crumb from	plcture of Qu„n Marla
your rich store, there is the other call.	of Rumania was taken when ahe	t I	. I	.	,
I’ve been among the slackers, dear	was riding her favorite horse at a	trade	and the curricula	of colleges
woman, though I have called myself	went military review In Bucharest,	would	have developed in	such a way
by a higher-sounding name. And I	^"k.TuUfu^wom^nln0^ Ira"
know that you have thought so, too,	pean royalty. Is one of the grand -
* and it gives me courage to face you, daughters of the late Queen Victoria | civil experiences with the minimum of
that before I come I'll have fallen into	Zr “mother^ n. “a disturbance But it ia entirely new to
line.	daughter of the late Czar Alexander	us for	middle-class youths to join the
,4I won't write more, because if I	II.. of Russia and she Is a first	Army	for the course of	a war. In
S£,TatiTtÜ V- SSs®3 5W2 ÏTACÏ !££
how I love you! If only I could see	_____4_________ sion for life, the only exception be-
you at this moment! I should make	QAMI? mii itauv titdmq	ing	the South African War,
you know and believe it.	SOME MILITARY TERM; . when the Yeomanry attracted a num-
“I am sailing on the Minotaur next H . Menw wZT ll5ei|,in.	ber of adventurous 8Pirits for a time-
Wednesday. They are warning us, H°W thc Many DmUngumhing Names ^ numbers, however, were compara-
of course, on this side, but there is	Originated.	lively small, and when they returned
no terror of the sea big or cruel	Has	it ever occurred to you to ask	they made their way back	into	civil
enough to keep me from you. Good-	why a	soldier is called a “private”?	life without much difficulty.	The	con-
bye, my love, my dear! If it is any It is not difficult to see the reason, ditions are very different now. There satisfaction to you to hear it on pa- The name owes its origin to the fuller are very few young men of education, per there never has been any other, term “a private soldier," as opposed between the ages of 19 and 2fi, that It is my wife I'm writing to, the wife to a more public soldier who holds arc not with the colors, and every day God gave me, though I have been so other military terms is, however, not tho pressure grows stronger on those slow at awakening to the pricelessness so easy to discover. The name cor- who have hitherto resisted the coun-of the gift.	poral is connected with corps, literal- try's caH-
“Good-bye, no, not good-bye, it is ly a body, and then, of course, a body between the ages of 19 and 2f> which a loathly word which ought to be of men. The corporal is the man in ffives direction and stamp to a man’s wiped out of the book of remem-	charge	of a small body or squad of	career. The school age is	past,	and
brance.—Your faithful and repentant	men. The lance in lance-corporal and	has been replaced by university,	col-
lover, John Renfrew."	lance-sergeant refers, as one would j legiate, or practical training.
The boat sailed duly at the schedul-	expect, to the weapon of that name,
ed hour after the company had shorn	“Sergeant” is really thc same word as
themselves of all responsibility by is-	“servant”; its origin dates back to the
suing explicit warning.	#	time when noblemen kept their own
She had an uneventful voyage	retainers to fight their battles. *A
“Soon! Oh, John, if it could only be acroga the Atlantic, which for once color-sergeant is one who has charge soon. We are so tired of waiting, and wag and sunny to the verge of of the colors; a staff-sergeant is one so many are going every day, going extravagance.	that is on the staff of the regiment,
for good, I mean, 'west' as they say in %% wa8 when the low green shores The names of commissioned officers the fighting line. When they told us Qf Ireland hove in sight that the ter- are rather more interesting. Few it was going to be a three-years' war ror came# %t was in the full light of people will have reflected that the none of us. realized just what that a glorious afternoon, when suddenly a word lieutenant is practically identical would mean. I don't believe that we few hundred yards away, up popped with the expression “locum tenens. shall be able to stand it for more than %he wicked little periscope of the sub- The French language is developed half that time.	marine, and the deadly torpedo was from Latin, and the Latin “locum ten-
“Yes,	I'm	making	shells,	and	the	launched.	ens” (holding the place) has become
work is	interesting, and	my	hands	are	It wag all over in ten minutes, and	lieutenant in French. A “locum” is
ruined. But all the time I keep think- ag John Renfrew struggled in the wa- one who acts as a substitute for some-ing what an occupation for a woman, ^er a ,hot from the submarine de- one else, and a lieutenant was origin-whose first business should be to pre- gtroyed his last chance of life.	ally qpe who also acted as representa-
serve the life men don't prize half was all over, then, he thought tive or deputy. The original use of enough. Oh, if only I were a man!” confusedly as he sank into the great the word is still preserved in the com-Here she left off abruptly, and be- nothingness, but, thank God, Grace pound lieutenant-colonel, which means gan to write on another and quite knew!	an officer next in rank below a colonel
irrelevant theme.	He had partly redeemed himself, who is acting as a colonel.
A strange look came on John Ren- given his life, such poor stuff as it Just as corporal is connected with frew's face, for Grace Babbacombe was. Perhaps somewhere God, who French corps, “a body," so captain is was the only woman who had ever in- knows all of human weakness, would derived from Latin “caput" (a head), teres ted himself, the one thought he be pitying and kind. Her face, like which is related to capital and other might one day marry when every- an aureole, shone upon him as he went words. A captain thus means one thing had straightened out and the down.	who ia at the head of a number of 1
way was perfectly clear.
If there is one thing in the world Grace Babbacombe is still making The origin and history of the word which proves that a man's first youth shells, and if those who work by her colonel is rather complicated. It is Is past it is when he begins to reckon aide have noticed any change it is connected with the word column. In and calculate to determine to clear the only such a change as makes her more Italian, which is very closely related path before he does this thing or that, and more a miracle of sweetness and both to Spanish and French, the word Youth, thank God, has nought to indomitable industry and high re- for colonel is colonnello, and the word do with such reckoning or calcula- solve.	for column is colonna, so that the con-
tion in the office and affairs of love, Tliey do not know that inside the nection between the two is easily seen, therefore is there still some remnant bodice of her gown there is a talis- A colonel is thus originally one who is of the happiness of Heaven left upon man, the letter John Renfrew wrote ** the head of a column, a dreary earth.	*n th* silent night watches in the The word major is short for ser-
He had left England without saying Hotel Astoria at New York. Her géant major, which means the major the decisive word to Grace Babbs lover’s letter, the lover who is nearer or chief sergeant. A sergeant-major combe, and had kept on writing dils- to her now than in all the years she was formerly a much higher rank than tory letters to her right through, pay- had known him, the lover she will ;* now. A general is one who has a Ing just sufficient attention to her meet again where all the terrors and general command over a whole regi to keep her heart stirred and her alarms will be forgotten—on the other ment
mind diverted from others—in a word, »We.
he had stolen and kept her youth with*	-------#-------- Scouts for Seal Hunters.
Ü,'	== :	r7i	,
•truck by tlie Doimsncy of the	fete-	"We, It your	craving	for drink	d»r consideration by owner, of New-	w. mee, feel for Uw capable end confl	month, on the false charge of steelful hour which had struck in	Brit-	that brought you	here T "	naked the	foundland seeling vessels as ¦ result	deot way that women have tackled	ing Mr. Brownlow s silk hsndrrker,
T -» -	kx*	if	ss z. ^ s, K..rrs	sl jgas.'avss
I», =2 -.—u -——-- -	13 C;	% ü îEt .z lit. £ t
-	'¦- ',-rrs.rï ¦-- MSSS55i =T-££S~3
graph era.
UVUUlJi
Rumania s Queen is
Loved by Subjects Most Young Men Have Abandoned One Lives on Easy Street and Other
is Still Working Hard.
CAREERS BROKEN BY THE WAR.
TWO AVERAGE CITIZENS.
r
GARLIC FOR LUNG TROUBLE.
1
Ssid to be Greatest Foe of the Tuberculosis Germ.
Their Civil Pursuits.
.
John Renfrew, sauntering up Fifth Avenue, New York, in the hot glare of a June afternoon, suddenly made up his mind to go home.
He had been out of England just three years, and had never felt homesickness so acute, so overwhelming, so unbearable, as now.
He was one of those persons whom the novelists love to describe as strong man, and his looks did not belie the part He was not very young, though he had taken some pains to preserve the youth which accomplishes so much in the world with so little apparent effort
His actual age was thirty-nine, and he had looks of a kind, a well-knit, alert figure, of which, catching a sight in the long mirror of his hotel that morning, he had suddenly pictured in unifoim with on odd thrill at his heart. He Was not a soldier, nor had any of hie family ever done anything in the soldiering line. But now they were all at It, Even his old father, who had been retired for six odd years in a Sussex manor-house, had got into some clothes approved of for the Volunteers, and was doing Sunday route marches of fifteen miles a day.
His brothers? Already one had helped to dye red the Dardanelles sand with his blood, and it was because of that the call had come to John Renfrew—a call so loud and insistent as to be almost startling.
Hitherto he had heard it only dimly and in secret places, chiefly because he believed that he was doing his duty where he was, and indirectly helping, the cause of the Allies by means of the great commercial machine to which he was attached, of which, indeed, he was already one of the honored heads.
The deciding factor, though perhaps he would not have admitted it, was a few lines in a woman's letter he had received from England that very day He took it out presently when he stepped into Sherry’s for the cup of tea which his English habit made his inner man call for at a given hour each afternoon.
“You ask what I am doing? I wonder whether you will laugh when I| tell you. I have no gift for nursing, besides I could not be equipped in I time to be of any use, and you know that whatever I try to do must be ‘top-hole,’ as Billy says. By the by, the latest about Billy is that he went to a recruiting office miles from Cray-ford Heath and lied about his age. They suspected him, however, and he has been rejected again. Mother lives in daily terror lest he repeats the experiment and comes back a soldier. I am writing this from Erith, so perhaps you can guess I’m making shells. Yes, honestly, and very good shells, too. I know that I am of use. If I did not believe it was any good nothing would keep me here. There are some to whom it is merely a new sensation, and who won’t keep on, but to me it is work—God-given work— which is going to help the great sum I we are going to reckon up soon. i
If
iHüSEEiP=isH
some men who are entirely self-made, working at my job, artf it's about all but they are not numerous. That most I can do to hold it down, are the creatures T>f circumstances is cent enough citizen, judging by the shown by the way that families re- general run of folks, and I don’t know main in the same social plane gener- that I’ve done anything wrong. But ation after generation. Occasionally you caught on and I didn't. Just a member goes under and disappears, where did 1 miss?" and sometimes one rises to become a “Don't forget," I says, money costs source of pride and envy to his rela-1 a man something. I think my money tivea; but generally speaking they wr<ih all it has cost me, but when all maintain about the same position, ' the bargain was offered to you, you allowing for the variations in the passed it up. I'm not saying you standard of living, which affect the weren’t right,.but I've never been whole country. Every parent shows sorry that I took the bargain." his belief in the immense influence “ How do you mean," he says, which circumstances have upon» a “Well," I says to him, “when we career by the sacrifices he makes to were young fellows, you were a bet-give his children a good education.1 *er sport than I was. The other chaps The man who has been to a public | looked to you, when it came to having school will pinch himself to send his ^un» more than they looked to me. son to the same school or better, while was *e^t out of many a good time
eegjssiiii
IF EEHE	M. e-eh:—-
™e*
The bacilli of this disease seem to be
n
t «it
Dr. Minrhin relates that his attention was first drawn to garlic by the case of a young man who came to him with a very severe case of tuberculosis of the bones of the leg and foot. He advised amputation. This the sufferer refused. Six months later he met the young man, walking about, with his leg almost well. The youth told him he had been treated by a man whose name he gave, with a poultice which had been known for generations as #i scrofula cure. The man in question told Dr. Minchin that the poultice was composed of soot, salt and pounded garlic in almost equal proportions. Dr. Minchin readily isolated the garlic as the active inI gredient and began experimenting with it. He was astonishing success-
I’m a de-



1 ¦ry'l

m
:

¥
%

m t



i
MB
:

mg


ful.

WmÊK&É
an




Queen- ]
Marie /

r
+. if’

i
running affairs in this world any more than you are. The rules of the poisoned by ally! sulphide, game may be wrong, but neither you ! No substance is known that pene-nor I can change them, and if a man’s trates the human body as allyl sul-going to play at all he’s got to play phide penetrates it. You can prove
this for yourself in a very simple way. “You didn’t save all your money; I Crush a few cloves of garlic and tie you made a lot of it out of the rise j them like a poultice on the sole of in real estate,” says Sid.
“Of course, I did. And I’ve made a ask someone to smell your breath, lot out of other things, too.”
as to allow of the military course being interpolated between two series of
• I
the rules.”
your foot; after about twenty minutes
The odor of garlic will be pronounced. “I could have done just as well as I This means that the allyl sulphide haa you did only I didn’t have the money soaked through the skin of your feet for a start.”
“That’s just it,” says I, “the money phatics and carried by them through-for a start is what comes	hard. You	out the body	until the	lungs are giv-
have to pass up a lot of	good times	ing it off into	the air.
to stack up a hundred dollars, and It is known that the allyl sulphide every dollar is so fresh and frisky is absorbed principally by the lym-it’s all you can do to hold it. But phatics, that system of tubes and they seem to like one another’s com- glands which runs like the blood ves-pany, and by the time you have a sels throughout our systems, carry-couple of hundred herded together in ing the serum that supplies the blood the hank they stay quieter. And they | with its fluid and bathing every tissue seem to draw others—you enjoy going of the body. This lymph carries the to the bank with a dollar	when your	allyl sulphide	to the	lungs,	skin
bunch is beginning to grow. And a	muscles, liver,	kidneys, bones—in	fact,
very few hundred dollars will give a it impregnates every organ with man a start.”	So, no matter where the tubercle ba
Sid thinks for a minute, and then cilli may be lurking it gets at them.
ku	Qur medical authority cites manj
been taken up by the blood and lym-
Now it is just the period
it
he puts his hand on my shoulder,,
friendly like, Sid always was a good cases of various forms of tuberculosis fellow—and says:
“You know my boy Gordon, don’t has cured with garlic
you 7 ITti'a m Kriirkf 1 n A n n/1 koa n .1	m	%	* ^
KITES AID GERMANS.
from consumption to lupus, which hi
you . He s a bright lad and has a that of a boy of 10, the bones ol good job and fine prospects. But he’s whose hand were so seriously affected a free spender. I wish you’d have a that part of one finger had been &m-talk with him some day. Do that for putated and there was free suppura-me, just for old time s sake, will you?”
“Not to give him good advice,” I
A Certain Number of Soldiers Have Been Trained to Fly Them.
Most people are under the impression that the only aerial machines being used to-day by the armies that are at war are aeroplanes and airships. As a matter of fact, ordinal ary balloons and kites are much the fore, and it is recognized by al the great powers that their uses are invaluable.
During the last few years the Germans have recognized the advantages gained by the use of man-lifting kites and a certain number of their soldiers have been trained to fly them both by day and by night. It is said that the passenger of a German war kite is supplied with a camera capable of taking photographs under almost any conditions.
* mm
c.n be fitted to the bre.e of • pigeon afternoon in tracing the devious way, by means of an elastic strap, leaving q{ ^ Artful Dodger and the in-the wing, entirely free. The camera nofent Oliver among the byway, of weighs lea. than three ounces and i, Finlbury and Holborn. capable of reproducing objects when the bird is travelling at a Velocity of twenty yards a second. At regular intervals a clockwork arrangement opens the shutter of the camera.
tion through three sinuses in th« palm. Once every twenty-four hour;
,	...» poultice of crushed cloves of garlic
®ays* ! m not ('tuck on myself that mjxe(j with lard was applied to thc I feel able to give good advice to any- diseased hand. Garlic acts as a blis-
% „	0.,	.	... ter, so at first the boy suffered a lit
No, »ays Sid, but you and I have tje from the burning, but he soon got
got pretty far along the road, and I d re]jef *nd within a few days was free
like him to know how things look to from pain. Within six weeks froir
you now. Perhaps what You have to the commencement of the treatmem
tell him and what I have to tell him the ^y’a hand was entirely healed, may help him a bit.”
»
\
TUBE MAIL CARS NEXT.
WITH THE ARTFUL DODGER.
Hive Been Used in Paris for Some
Time.
Pilgrimage to Interesting Spots in
Dicken s London.
Parliament recently gave permission to the post office authorities to construct a miniature tube railroad for the purpose of conveying letters and parcels across London in half the time formerly taken. In two tubes, nine feet in diameter, little electrically propelled trucks will run, and parcels and mail bags will be stacked them. The first postal tube is to be constructed between Paddington and the eastern district office at White 1 chapel.
Driven by electric current and controlled by switches at intermediate
STSMSSr ttSES
Dickens lecturer, who knows his seamy London as well as the Artful Dodger himself, was able to conduct a party of members of the Selborne Club to many landmarks associated with the career of Oliver Twist
Almost every day our attention Is One of the most interesting spots
caught In the public street by the to which he led the enthusiasts spectacle of women doing work which
has hitherto been done by men. and
#
$
men.
on
Many of the slums of which Boz wrote so intimately have ( thank goodness,) disappeared. He did much
tubes at about twenty miles an hour, carrying the mails from point to point in half the time that motor vans threading their way through traffic in the streets above would take.
Two tubes are utilised in the scheme, one for up trains and the other for down traîna. To avoid any possibility of collisions—for mail trains will be dispatched along the tubes every few minutes—the line ia divided up into sections, so that when the train has passed over of rail R
reached another section. This f of postal tube has been used in Paria
A WOMAN HEARSE DRIVER.
A Very Unusual Sight In An English
Town.
the abode of Mr. Fang—the magistrate drawn from actual life, who ¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦Olhrer three
%
“dead” until it has
with much success for
It was not a pleasant revelation; the truth has no
broidery
for

which la miles long, will be $5,000,000.
id to be six and one-half
* i
hearse, then on the way to a funeral
when It really
She handled her pair of handsome
ing no f
unworthy and the false.
blank» with the
“How ia it you always pick out • bachelor to listen to your hard luck
pcore u we have seen • dreue hand We (>nca heard of . man who never pn/t theP Uy timef wMa TlLutl
" fora OhS	dWd IO"* prey generally seek t>eir. at night
paled a little, and his eyes became disguise themselves in male attire.
He
story?”
troubled. The call had
In the mid ditv pn«w«lnf,
Canaries came originally from the
“A married man has troubles of in their wOd hi» own, «sally."
of
Canary Isles,
Mozart could play the harpisekord
After coaxing a gi
usually has to do something deeper-
immer* work than manipulât k state, the bird» were not yellow,aa
put- generally know them, bet e dark
?
Bread made from pine bark and she
the violin when five, and was compos
moss la sometimes
olive
>
###PAGE###8###
AN ISLAND SONG
By Marjorie Flckthall.
Oh, the gray rock# of tho islands and the hemlock green above them, The foam beneath tho wild rose bloom, the star above the shoal. When I am old and weary, I'll wake my heart to love them,
For the blue ways of the inlands are wound about my soul.	.
Here in the early even when the young gray dew is falling,
And the king-heron seeks his mat# beyond tho loneliest wild,
Still your heart in the twilight and you'll hear the river calling Through all her outmost islands to seek her last-born child.
Tie Slaiville Boot anil Sloe Store
Our Shoes all British Make
.. with ..
Profit Sharing
and Price Slashing
are
Aviation Quality
?
A THADR PIOXKKH
Sub-Marine Prices
Late Robert Wilkes Was Important
1
Figure in ('uiuultan Commerce.
To the August number of The Trader, which is the organ of the Jewellery business in Canada. Mr. W; J. Barr has contributed a bribf sketch of the business career of tho late Mr. Robert Wilkes, whose life was suddenly cut snort more than a generation ago. A native of Ireland, an@ with only a very primitive educational training, he came to Canada at sixteen, and from that time he wn6 left to make his own way in the world. After four years spent In the hardware trade ho entered the service of the Rossln Brothers, wholesale jewellers, whose business he took over In 1857. For a discouraging!/ long time his progress was slow, but by extraordinary versatility and invincible determination he ultimately achieved such exceptional success that in 1879 he retired from business. At forty-eight, with a marked fondness and a rare aptitude for public life, he appeared to have a brilliant future in prospect, when his useful and promising career came to a tragic close in 1880.
The religious communion of Mr. Wilkes' deliberate choice was that oi New Connexion Methodism, and of !( he early In life became a strong pillar of support until it was united with the Wesleyan Methodist body 1A 1874. From that event till his death he was one of the most prominent and active laymen In the Methodist Church of Canada |
Wilkes was what may be called a philosophies! radical. His experience in commercial business made him B free trader, and he ao publicly announced himself when, In 1872, he consented to become the Liberal san-didate in Centre Toronto, where he was elected by a very small majority. In 1874 he was re-elected by an increased one, but, as his party had a good working majority without him, he withdrew soon afterwards Into private life. There is some reason ... r	f	to believe that after 187», if he had
We undersell our competitors by buying most of our goods direct from manufacturers. uved, he would have been brought
We manage and conduct our own business. We employ no clerks, thereby saving a huge	easily%av^2s#Thi%
We sell tor cash only, therefore have no book losses, etc.	seif in the front rank of Canadian
. statesmen. It la worthy of note that
Here is a chance to save money ami lots of it. Bead over our prices here quoted, comparatiwi. early m life he acquir
An examination of the prices alone may not convince you, but au examination of both good»	German!"#hich he spoke
and prices will leave no reason for doubt as to the genuineness of the bargains, and the fluently and found very useful in do-
advantage to be gained by trading Here and Now. Come I	ing bUblpe,g ln European country .
We refund Railroad Fare on purchases of $20.00 or more, from	a i-.>„r.footed sP,.
stations east of Campbells Bay, and west of Quyon. Come expecting to save money. You’ll not be disappointed.
In our fall line-up we have embodied all the latest ideas and styles of a sufficiently staple nature to prove
suitable.

We have everything you require in
Men’s, Women’s and Children’s Footwear.
materials, we
In spite of recent advances in raw are still able to sell most of our goods at last season s
prices
At Archie Dover’s For 7 days only; commencing Friday, Oct. 8th, and ending Saturday, Oct. 16th.
You save money by buying here
P. E. SMILEY.
Obituary
All our New Fall and Winter Goods to be sold away below Standard Prices.
The simple gift that lend* the touch | of friendship without the emlmrra t of an obligation your photogra) Various styles of folder* ami njounting
H. 1misoN. Artist, King St.
I’m: l.xtf l>t v w 1». Stevfnmin
already noted ii there	a wax
Campbell* 1 lay. out
In politics Mr.
i
me
I’ll k Kyi’iTY, it hi- home, near M residents
ihthoii "i Mr. l‘ ni i his 7aril year
\-
Our reason for this S'ale is, we want to share up vitli our customers. Wo bought all Fall and Winter Goods early last spring at last year’s prices, and instead of raising our
kBEBHEES	E:l{SESS5;lH"£55ESEESE
resilience on Sat unity i m umg. medical -kill and tender care eon id do advanced from 40 to 00 i). c.. and had we to buy our goods today, wc would never attempt
'Üown'by1» Ingl'i^h =n‘l"!l-uvn"uuU'^'yiu- wh‘1 to sell at the prices we quote below.
t tl
LOCAL NEWS.
I
our
had Urn ailing f«»r
M
Many buildings wv
and shade trees blown terrific* wind storm on Sunday family.
afternoon last. Tims McDowell He was married to Mi— hme l.nli had a new silo wrecked, so also ardson, of Horton, < hit., and lysides his li ul E. J. Barber.	| widow lie leaves three sons Ernest and
aaataræa&zsR tshr* A "
Finseraud H. A. Smart went into	,
instinct, and a likeable quality ville Mr-. A. Mehlrum, of Bristol, and that should insure them success Mi»- Kate, oi Campbell* Hay. in their venture. Renfrew Jour-j The late Mi Stevenson was for many
tuber of the lVesbvterian
expense
i t ampin Is Bay, and Harr)
laughters— three brothers f Vainplivlls Bay,

Is
Wounded Canadians in hospital at Cardiff tell a story of a nest of spies was discovered io Non. Hern France. Somewhere near the billots and firing line there stood a coffee house Inhabited by five people, Including a boy
to the trenches used to call for
mil
war- a i
S&sSOE	j
tlmt one citizen who would like to prvs-ionn ot -"i.'.u {U '\ 'M1U* liave gone away also lmd business showed the v-’vcm in wl uli he was
ties not intervened, thought it held, would be the right tiling under the circumstances to petition the Mayor to proclaim another civic holiday. The -lump in local activities, it may be explained was
due to the Renfrew Fair.
More Fords—G. A. Howard has
y succeeded in <|i-po-ing of another fr batch of Ford autos, within the last week or two, the bulk of the number going to farmers of this neigh boi hood. Evidently the farmers have taken the car fever, and it will be a good thing if infection bpifci»de to include the most of them, H* tluM’ü U wa nu.**»
!
i
Remember the dates October 8th to 16th.
The troops on their
refreshments, and the occupants consequently had exceptional opportunities of obtaining valuable Information and always bad a fairly good Idea of the strength of the forces holding the section of the trenches.
The Germans in that part seemed to be well-informed of what was going on in front of them. Regiments arriving unexpectedly and without even the knowledge of the regiments In the trenches were hailed by name
The coffee house
S. V
Reg
funeral, which t«N«k place on
(14th) was very The -vrvives were Mr. Kohin*on, <4 , and interment was JVsbyterian cemetery
Th
5.35
*11.75
10.50
12.00
14.00
10.00
17.00 17 50
20.00 1 8.00-2D.00
Tuesday afternoon largely attended, conducted hy I lev Vain]-hells Ray made in the of that place.
The floral • effet vi < very beautiful : A pillow by wife and family cross, S. and M. Stevenson ; Mpmys, A and J. Stevenson, Mr. and Mr*. Cun
ningham, Mr. and Mrs. Haye*, Lily
Com.
Men’s Quality Tweed Suits
0.00
7.75
46
44
10.05
Fine Suits...............
Hcwmmi Tweed Suits...............
Fine Fall ami Winter Suits........
•• Navy Blue Serge Suits (a simp)
4 4	44	44	44
Fine Suite........................
4 *
11.05
12.05
13.05
10.50
18.05
14.05
*6
0.35
by the Germane
¦ ¦ suspected, but continual search revealed nothing.
Once a soldier heard a conversation In German, but again a fresh search revealed nothing. At length the boy gave away the secret, and It discovered that a dog had been
0.00
Youth- Fine Suits, Navy Blue Serge.................
Tweed ............................
.
Suite, Double Breasted and Norfolk, Bloomer
¦ pAI1ls *i/.e- 22 to 30. from *l..i0 to *?». <•> .? «
Here are some Mini* ill Meo,f? Qve remits—10 of One lot 2 shades, frizes 22 to 30 ... .,,4.,,
Men's Heavy Tweed Overcoats* nil *izcs
..	4*	44	«4
0.85
0.75
?
5.83
Stevenson and other*
8.00
4»
46
the
200 Boy*
Died.- George Aylmer Beattie, third .	\r« ««wl Mr* William j lent tie,
¦
. argument in favor of ' uf Anm-dey, died at hi* home on •><«..
..., iiig good roacls than that day night. Sept 10, after a short illness which the ]x>*.*i‘*>ion of a ear from apjieiidiviti*. Ho wa* operated on affords. Cars are coati y Inxtiriv- five day* previous to hi* death, but idl in a country where road* are bad, wa* |n vain. The deceased ;;<%* ten while goixl road* mean prolonging ytais and five uvtiui6 old. He wa* an the life of a ear, less expense for, *rxm,ti0iuaiy Mnart little fellow and repairs, greater speed Mid decided-i w ^ ' wep pked by all who knew ly more comfort.	Brides his sorrowing tarent * he
leaves three brothers, namely :	Hfl*
bard, Grant and Melvin. The funeral i service was conducted in the Meth«dut	•
church, Bristol, by the Rev. Mr. Hurst | of Yartu. The funeral, which wa* \ery largely attended, was to the Methodist cemetery at Bristol
6.73
8.45
10.00 11.00 ... 12.00 ...	14.00
...	15.00
... 10.00 ...	15.00
...	35.00
used to carry messages to the Gorman trenches. The Canadians had often Been it wandering about the trenches and had petted it unsuspectingly.
Messages were carried underneath a false coating of fur ingeniously wrapped round tho dog. Now dogs found wandering near the ticccues are Immediately shot.
it* » *
10.80
11.25
at
it
12.25
44
M
0.75
Fur Lined Coats, Persian Lamb Collai*.
Diamond Check, Tweed I’unt., nil
M'SSHfeïî
Peerless Brand Overalls and Smocks.• ' ' ^* * * j
JJffsbfc 8ÔSSS <8E	::::::::
*t	•«	“	........ ......¦* * '
................
Fleece Mned Vnderwenr (Penmans)
Work Shirti* at W, «B, *• cents etc..
Cup* and H«t« at reduced prices....
Au L&r' S0U<j^et.CTy 0F.«eS, « etc. etc
’	all at reduced prices.
u
28.75
64
5.05
7.00
66
44
4.25
5.50
0.00
3.1»
Opportunity in Russia
Russian banks greatly in Canada's determination to enter the Russian market, according ¦ further report received by the
THE MARKETS
1.08
2.75
3.50
interested
are
• 6
2.7»
HiAWVIlLE
to a—
Department of Trade and Commerce from Mr. C. F. Just, special Canadian Trade Commissioner. Mr. Just gives an extended list of articl which could bè made the basis of & large trade between this country and Russia. He again emphasises tho desirability of the establishment of agencies In Russia, especially la regard to the trade in agricultural and other machinery, the Inited Mates manufacturers having erected works which, when In full wording order.
Tl^«5*n.xr Rlanlr. I will take rare of one-sixth of the Hosiery, .Dlfl U K |lota| annUsl requirement of the coun-
Kussla needs the light type of
and the
Flour perbarrel $d.50 Wheat, pei bushel, standard-
Oats,per bushel,
Butter tubs, prlntsand rolls 28 Potatoes per t>ag. 50c.
Egg* per dozen 19c,
Com
4.45
5.50
42
50
1.00
1.25
Matter of Precedence.
A discussion once arose In the University of Cambridge whether doctors nt law or doctors In medicine should hold precedence. The chancellor asked whether the thief or the hangman pro-j	, ceded nt nil execution. Being told that
sSSSkH ZTJiïXZZ. %%
nrn«e* an<f removing the animal at once. f0ni R, law have the precedence and
JOHN ROB1TAÎLLK.	|et doctors In medhlne be next In
urre	rank."— London Standard.
7»
1.00
50
85
*
1.25
1.75
1.50
2.00
1.1K>
2.50
Heifer Astray
*

W)
1.00
41
•1
*
try
• '
agricultural machinery trade, may# the commissioner. Is capable of lndeflttte extension. A Canadian forwarding agency in Russia la
I Mr. Just states that
HELP PROTECT THE DEER.
Insulted.
••Why did you strike this mnn?~ ask* ed the court
•‘lie told me to use my bend.” pleaded the i r!<
••Well, that's no crime. \* ItV
"Rut. your honor. I was crushing •tone at the time "—Buffalo Express.
Suspicious.
Mrs. B11ton-l tlilnk y«mre the drur est. sweetest man that ever was! HU-ton (¦««l’Hcwlf)- iVen yon at #< ®e millinery opening today 7-Jodge.
Watch for Posters for full particulars and prices.
No goods exchanged after Sale.
rweommendedWI^^^WIMBBBi
Ibe forwarding business has been In German bands, and that Tt has been attended with disagreeable surprises since the war began '
And other (lime during Close Season by reporting at once to the undersigned any violation of the Game Law you be*
of. Liberal compensation
All sales for Cash only.
come aware paid for c mrictiog evidence. All cor respondent# etrict’y private and conti dental,	_	_ _
IIBIIB0 Values
The value of a cow depeiAle a great
Seal on wh«
been run over by a train or merely la
¦ listed lor taxation.


N. McCUAIC
Prov Game Warden
Bry-ou. Januarv 1913.


f -
