###PAGE###1###
O
s
No. "J7, JtiiiD Year
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, ÿUE., THURSDAY, DKC
*1.00 A YEAR IN ADVANCE
0. 1015
m

The Bank of Ottawa.
Tlje Merchants Banf^ of Canada
TSE HARDWARE STORE
ESTABLISHED 1874
Established 1864
Ottawa, Canada.
.	$ 4,000.000
.	4,996.304
•	66,000,000
Head Office : -
Capital Paid Up
Rest and Undivided Profits
Total Assets over •
OFFICERS I
Sir 11. Mom ta . .. K. W. Bla< kwem ..	.. E. F. Hkuden
PRESIDENT .. VU B-PRKSIDEN , GEN, MANAGER
\
i
I
Follow the crowd of satisfied shoppers to our Grocery Department where you will find a complete stock of Fresh IJi"h-Class Groceries—everything necessary for the holiday trade.

Paid up Capital
Reserve Fund and Undivided Profits ,. 7/J45.140

Board of Directors %

JOHN B. FRASER
HON. GEORGE BRYSON.
President
SIR HENRY N. BATE, DAVID MACLARBN,
RUSSELL BLACKBURN, DENIS MURPHY,
SIR HENRY K. EGAN, HON. SIR GEORGE H. PERLEV
E C. WltlTM'iV.
GEORGE BURN, tieneral Manager.
•	JJ. M. rlNNIE, Asst General Manager
W. DUTH1R, Chief Inspector
Vice-President
Total Assets
.	80,190,400
2 J9 Branches and Agencies in Canada-
A SAVINGS BANK ACCOUNT
Of One Dollar and upward* drawn Interest at be.*t current rate*
Branches at Shawville and Quyon
Acting Manager, Shawville Acting Manager, Quyon.
HARDWARE
W. F. DRUM A. A. R E I D
Don’t forget that in the Hardware Store you will find any number of articles suitable for Holiday Gifts—something good and satisfying.
Fort Coulonge Branch • J. A. McLATCHIE, Manager Campbells Bay Branch • R. LEGER. Manager. Portage du Fort Branch • A. H. MULHERN, Manager
HENRY’S
Births
j
Bargains in Organs
We pay highest prive f«»r hiil<s .*heep
J\*. 1). Horn Kit.
At the Ptirsomige, Charters on Dec. 2nd, to the Rev. Charles and Mrs. Reid, a son.
m
pel ta, calfskin», etc. Shawville Meat ^hoj

$75.00 will buy a 11 nv Clinton piano-cased Organ. Tills cost $150 and is is new.
$13.00 will buy a nice Thomas Organ. Cost $05.
$35.00 will purchase ft second hand Hum 0 octave Organ, in fairly good con-dit Ion.
Easy terms
Come in, we can help you over your Holiday Buying.
The party who left a silver tray and napkin at the Orange Hall the evening of the party, some time ago. may have the name by calling at this office without charge.
Several of our citizens, during the past two weeks, have had to lie up in consequence of attacks from that old enemy of the race “la grippe,*’ while others have been prostrated by pneumonia.
Hon. Geo. Bryson Coulonge, at a meeting recently held of the directors of the Bank of Ottawa, was re-elected president of that flourishing financial institution, an evidence that his services in that important capacity have met with the stamp of approval.
The Clarendon Bristol Homemakers' Club will meet at the home of Mrs. John Telfer on Thursday, January 6th, beginning at 2, p. m. Subject tory of the manufacture of woolen goods, by Mrs. McMillan. Mrs. Cowley ami Mrs.
recipes.
Ottawa. Ont.
t
Deaths
Since January. 1913, more lhnn 235 students hive eome to us from other local business colleges.
Our Civil Service record of FIRST. SECOND, and FOURTH places for all Canada lias never been equaled.
Do not tlies<<*fact* Indicate undoubted superority f
Our instruction being individual, you may begin at any time.
Mrs. Mec, widow of tlie lute William Mec of Radford, passed away very unexpectedly some time (luring the night last Wednesday, at the home of her daughter, Mrs. John Brownlee, of this village, where die had been residing tor some time past. The deceased, who for years, had been invalided from rheumatism, occupied an apartment on the ground floor of the Brownlee home, and retired on Wednesday evening, as usual, and apparently feeling well, as she gave no intimation that anything was wrong. It was between eight and nine o'clock next morning, when Mr*. Brownlee went to see what her mother wished for breakfast, that she discovered the -hocking fact that her tieloved parent was still and cold in death's embrace ! The Sable Messenger had stealthily come and gone while the household was wrapt in slumber. The severity ot the shock to the family can be readily imagined, and much sympathy is felt for them in consequence.
The late Mrs. Mee was tK) years of age. She is survived by a family of two sons—James and George, of Clarendon, and four daughters — Mrs. John Brownlee, Mrs. T1
J. H. SHAW.
1. R. Horner, Shawville

lo»
Notice Those taking out pulp-wood for Lawn Bros., Campbells Bay, arc requested to observe sti ietly the terms of their contractas to size and quality of wood, manner of piling, etc.
The Academy closed for the Christmas vacation oil Wednesday morning last, the occasion being marked by the presence of several of the resident clergymen, members of the school board and
spersed with patriotic vocal selections, were made by some of those referred to, and also by Principal McMullen, whose deep interest in the Academy since lie took charge, was recognized by the pupils, with a slight token of their appreciation in the form of a purse.
tij
D. K. HENRY. President. Cor. Hank and Spark* Sts
if Fort
W. A. HODGINS
Results—Not Claims
Z1G0WLINC f?T'/)/)
SHAWVILLE
Short addresses intei
OTTAWA,ONT.
is not known by what it CLAIMS, but by what it DOES.
We give complete SHORTHAND, BOOKEEPING, and CIVIL SERVICE COURSES.
WINTER TERM opens Monday, January 3rd.
For full information apply.
VV. E. Gowuno, H. G. W, Braithwait.
Principal.
His
Prescott pudding
Farmers’
Requirements.
The Belgian Belief Committee of Montreal has issued a strong appeal to the Canadian public for flour for the starving people of that moat unfortunate country, which before the German invasion was one of the most prosperous and happy on the face or the globe. The Germans have deprived people oi their means of livlihood by strangling every native industry, and there is nothing going on except the enforced employment of the iieojile on German fortifications, destined to keep the country in the invaders' hands. The condition is reported to be terrible beyond description, and unless a mighty succoring arm is stretched forth many thousands
death
Personal
President
M iss A. Junkin, of the G. F. Hodgins *taft,	Christmas ^ it h Arnprior
la ? iv es
10s. A.
Mi** Dolly Waddell, of W. A. Hod-[Eudes, Mrs. Edward Eades, and gins’ stun. ' left Friday afternoon to Miss Bella Mee : also two sisters-spend Christinas with her relatives at	1 etcr Brownlee ami Mrs
Mïr/Kî„";:ttrpi.c.
P P pPolm Aigue, Hho weii	o'clock on Christmas afternoon,
with the harvesters in September, ar- to St, Paul's Church and cemetery, lived home Wednesday. -Mm was during the heavy «now storm engaged with his cousins, the Horner | which prevailed all day.
Bros, at Creelman, Sank.
Mr. O. li Campbell, M. L. A. for the County, was in town on Friday la*t for
Magnissni|ii district, and ha> r. turnrd I wilh tragic suddenness to .1 sense to be on hand for the opening of ’hi' of bitterest sorrow at the home of Legislature next month.	Mr. and Mrs. Arthur Smiley, near
Mias Florence Martyn, recent graduate Wyman oil Christmas day, when of the Royal Alexandra Hospital, Ed- Death thrust his unwelcome pre-1 non ton, and now of the Kennedy School sence into the household just at of Missions, Hartford, Conn., arrived the moment when a family reEast to spend her holidays with her union was at the point of com pie-friend, Mrs. John McNally, of Lady fion. File snd storv briefly related
smith. She intends leaving shortly for H.	^r: a.,l<*	^	.
so„hor„Mi..Mi...«a
The Equity was pleased to have a with the object ot reaching the call on Wednesday from Mr. Willie parental home in time to join the Wilson, second son of Mrs. T. .1. Wilson, rest of the family ill partaking of of Tyvan, Sask., who some years ago the Christmas dinner. 1 heir
was a resident of Sliawvilk*. Willie in eldest child, Lindzay, A bright and	„
gKS*Jg-s-
hi»end his holidays among friend* of his the limit of the cutter, where u
cliildhfKKl days	seemed perfectly happy and com- LOST-On December 1st on Lang street
fortuble during the greater part somewhere between exhibition grounds of the drive of fourteen miles, and and W. A. Hod gins' rear entrance, a Holiday Arrivals	I until he fell asleep. Some two or 5-dolIar bill. Finder will oblige by ieav-
---	three miles from their destination, ,n* at thu offlce-
E-HH: ^	sssst
Mrs. 1 )mm	“	Smiley • home was t tat hed, an 1 <i' manufacture Pipe* in their own localities.
Mis* Laura Woodley, Montreal	they drew tip in f ront of the house I H. r. M. Dowku. & Son. Shawville. Que.
SÆt "s*-	jrmxx'rr-iiS1
‘t, , ^	, i '	m n	Christmas
5fnT>u ii ” li n, ’ v- ,	the cutter and picking up the little
CArnlMoDowH, Queen *s Kingston boy. of whom lie wit» very food,
i. Ï» i* ,,	,	,, . noticed that something was throng,
Mr*. Henry Homer, ( reel man, S*«k. but said nothing till he re-entered
Mrs. Tho* H origins,	the house. An examination *how-
Ernic Dagg. Athens, Ont.	ed, to all appearances, that the
Mr. and Mrs. W. S. Wilson and | child was dead. But there was a hjdrtcf, Winnifred, Ottawa,
Kotiert MrCreriie, Ottawa
FOR SALE—A quantity of cedar fence posts—any length. Apply to Jas. V. Findlay, Radford.
the
WANTED—To purchase, a stack of Straw or n stack of good Cow Hay, in a radius of ten miles from \X Que. Address H. N. Antis*. Ottawa
with
Mr
y man
Royal Purple Stock Food
Poultry Food Calf Meal.
FOR SALE—A good Moving Picture Machine, in first class condition, with H reels and a fire-proof cabinet. Apply to G. A. Howard, Shawville.
SAD DEATH MARS CHRISTMAS UK
UNION.
HAY FOR SALK-Preyed Hay.
Apply to II. T. McDowell, Shawville
the slow
arc doomed to painful death of starvation
»
PHONOGRAPH FOR SALE-An Edison Amberola. almost new, has diamond point reproducer. Does not require needles—10 records included. A bargain at $33» Enquire at Post Office.
Mr. Geo. T. Drummond, the genial Secretary of ^ Bristol town-p, drupneri in Wednesday last leave a little order for printing, and in the course of a friendly chat remarked that things “don’t *eem natural around B. V." since the long looked-for railway is at last an accomplished fact. A mixed train service is now established lie tween Ottawa and Pembroke, which runs east and west on alternate days of the week. On this section of the road no station agents have as yet been appointed, and the train hands are, in the meantime, looking after the traffic. In addition to this mixed train Nervice, heavy through freight trains are going over the road daily, these trains running from thirty to forty ears, doubtless loaded with western grain.
William’s Fly Exterminator, the great specific for Vermin on Horses, Cattle and Poultry.
shi
to
FOR SALE- Purebred Holstein Calf Apply to M. G. Young, Bristol Corner*.
FOR SALE—5 H. P. Stickney eng in first da»* repair—good a* new, G| | bargain to cash purchases. Apply to Thos. Shore, Shawville.
ine
owl
Oyster Shells,
Grit.
FOR SA I.E-One black mare. Perch
Axes and Handles Snow Shovels.
The Christmas supper ami entertainment, held under the direction of the young people of the Methodist congregation, came off very
aucceesfally, despite the fact that weather condition* were of the most discouraging character. That the sum of over	was realized,
allow#* that wen in face of the din-advantage alluded to, it take* something more than a big snow storm to keep people away from this long-time honored Christmas gathering. They know from ex Hsrience that the endurance of a discomforts by the way has it* reward in the form of a good siip|)cr and a choice entertainment, when everyone would be in the right mood to enjoy It. *. The recent function proven no exception to the established rule The stipfier was excellent, and the program—not too long— was varied in a manner to include something which afforded enjoyment to the individed tastes of all. Short addresses, solo*, duets, choruses, victmla selections, by some of the most brilliant artist», all combined to make the entertainment both pleasing and profitable.
IN|PORTAJH
Our Annual Winter Sale
Mr Smiley went to
Important to Farmers
Having purchased the elevator from the Dowd Milling Co. at Shawville, I am prepared to handle all kinds of Farm Produce at the highest cash price.
faint hope that he might only have i, and so a hurried call was Rev. Albert Morrison,	Iroquois Falls [phoned to Dr. Dowd of Quyon,
Rev. R. Armstrong, Montreal	who responded as quickly as
(apt. F. C. and Mr*. Smyth, Watford | posaiU* Yet some time before he Harold Ariiwtrong, 73rd, Montreal arrived, it became too sadly and Hiram Smiley.	“	“	painfully evident that the proa |i:llPM	•»	44	inisiug young life ha<l flown. Dr.
Henry Howard, 77th, Ottawa 11 k>wd«*tTlbed the child's death to
Ill-man	“	“	j * The' remains of the child were
Ï	^	4,	h	conveyed home to Shawville by
{ff	u	the sorely bereaved father during
Duncan Draper,	the afternoon, and the funeral
* ha* McGuire,	took place at on# o’clock on Mon-
Cyril Dale,	day afterm*>11, service being held
.1 tunes Shean,	|n the Methodist Church, at which
Willie Desna, "	the iwstor, Rev. Mr. Tripp, officiat-
(1 erald Hade*. "	ed, assisted by Revd*. Messrs
( Jos. ErUiu, Field Engineer*, Ottawa McCall urn and Hurst, of Yarn#
January 11 to 15
WM. HODGINS
swoons*
i
••XV
The service was of a very impressive character, and as the large congregation passed sloxvly out from the sacred edifice, many tear-dim tiled eyes betrayed the sorrow* fui emotions that were welling up in heart* moved to the core by the profound sadness of the event, and itr correlative circumstances.
It i* needles* to state that Mr. and Mrs. Hodgins and relative* have the unreserved sympathy of the whole community, in the overshadowing sorrow which ha* ho suddenly darkened their lives and desolated their home.
Five Days
Full announcement next week.
W. A. HODGINS

###PAGE###2###

' number of ends of soap shred them into »n old saucepan, and add to
1
R!
the CZAR'S FAMILY.
HE SAW PRESENT «.
WAR COMING E33SH1S
h?m. He spares nobody, least of all himself, but his men love him almofi as much as they trust him, and h4 watches over their proper comfort! with a jealous eye.
Deep Student of War.

'

&
ABOUT THE HOUSEHOLD
:
d'f'i
every \ IK soap one pint of water.	—
E£5™r	r"""‘ a"'™mGma’
jfv5jj T°. f,erfume linen use rose leaves The war has made a great differ-xiwV nried in the shade or at about four ence to the Russian royal family. In feet from a stove, one pound; cloves, the days before the war the Czarina Ri,.„	ceraw«y seeds and allspice, of each ,ived constant dread of her husband
tsLimn, , U ~u°xne1 ôlUart m'lk on? ounce; pound in a mortar or and children being assassinated and (skimmed 's all right), l-3 cup wash- grind in a mill. Mix all these to- eould scarcely bear them out of her
Mit	CUP SUgnr' 4 teaspoon frether and put the compound into sight. Indeed, so ill did she become
•alt. I teaspoon vanilla.	little	bags.	with worry that to please her the
O ‘	' udd,ng- — 0ne CUP sago. It has been found an excellent plan, Kreat ballroom at tho Winter Palace
tb.rn Ju" m 1. quart of water- when mak‘ng soldiers’ gloves or mit- in Petrograd was turned into a bed-¦nonnslt ^ TST °f S“U’, 4 table- I*"8 to stitch a P'cce of leather on room for the whole family, in order, tore I R iTr0nd 8 appk‘s quar- ‘**e pa'ms- This effectually prevents to nuote the Czarina, that in (he case
iw	!™,:t azd s&r*" "m,,hi - * -
Hip*»
lard, sugar, salt and spices. Add rais- As soon as a picture nail driven in charming and clever girls, and have I
, ,'w‘"
teaspoon soda 1 cup sweet milk, 2 with thick glue, wrap as much as ! Professional artist. Both sisters "-
cups Whole Wheat flour, % teaspoon Possible round the nail and reinsert ?pe*k several ^nguages with equal	Aching	Hearts
5ter£t tï; i”1',,:™.,huik“ -iKMïæ:s
4“"^“"%'*"22TZteST,'C!	-• «"**—
r	% % s sysyrÆLfs	jntsA- - -k
pudding sauce.	blouses in tissue paper and attach
Marshmallow Pudding.—Prepare a them to these boards with tape. You lemon jelly; pour a very little into a can then pack and unpack manv plain mold or dish; add a layer of times and your dresses will not bo ,, marshmallows. Cut the marsh- disturbed, but will come out when mallows with scissors. When this needed as fresh as when first packed layer sets, add more jelly, add more ‘ marshmallows and proceed until jelly is all used. The lemon jelly
b*„kept »n n warm room, so that it ! Science will not jelly before ready to be used Serve with whipped cream.
Holly Poly Pudding.—Make
if-


h
VN
WÛ
t ^	(
< ' ** eL.

so on
7TM
1?

SOME CHARACTERISTICS OF SIR
JOHN FRENCH.
%»
mm
Economical Recipes


('ountees of Warwick Describee British Commander ae a Man of
Iron Will.
I do not think Sir John rends much save books dealing with military questions. He does not hunt or shoot play polo, indeed, acknowledge the In the London Daily Express the claim# of any form of sport.—He Countess of Warwick gives an inter- stands as far apart from the ordinary csting sketch of Sir John French, mundane interests of life us any pro-She writes:—	feasor in the cloistered peace of an
My first meeting with Field Mar- old university town, and yet he is full shall Sir John French, commander-in- to the brim of vizualizing enthusi-chief of the "contemptible little asms not to be overlooked by his army,” dates back to the South Afri- friends because they are so finely con-cun War. My latest meeting with trolled.
him was in August of lust year. He lives in his profession, and On each occasion he was on the point breathe# tho very air of it; soldiering of leaving for the front.	claims his every thought, and yet he
In the wide space that separates *n no aspect the “beau sabreur” of Hoer War from the groat inter-1 the Ouida novels. If you were to drive . Wjwteerx I national conflict, we met very often;	him through the most exquisite
Alexandra | ho was frequently our guest at Easton landscape, his mind’s eye would at
Lodge and sometimes at Warwick once select the salient points of at-(’astle, and I visited him at Govern- j and defence, he would grasp I ment House, Aldershot. I have had every military possibility of what lay *' many opportunities of hearing his, before him, but the surrounding views of the world problem that con- beauty would pass him by fronts us now, for he had seen it com- times we have talked of war. ing nearer and nearer, and had labor- war as much as you do,” he has said ed night and day to meet it. Other f° me more than once, "hut—” There men had doubts; he found no room for *t ends, and he is looking with far-any.	seeing eyes at encounters yet to be.
It was at Claridga’s Hotel we met Much of the recent gossip in Lon-during the Boer War. My eldest son, don bas endeavored to suggest that Guy, Lord Brooke, hud then arrived	be has been a party to	the	intrigues
at the ripe age of seventeen and	still	°f others. I venture to	say	that no-
at Eton, had sold all his personal ef body who understands Sir John could I fccts, including his fur coat and jew- make such a foolish mistake. The cilery given him by family and Personal interests and trickery of friends, to provide himself with the smaH natures have no meaning for means of getting to the front	and	bim. First and last and	all	the time
equipping himself when there.	We	be is a soldier, probably	the	one sol-
I only learned his intentions when it dier who could have overcome the was too late to stop them, and I do enormous difficulties by which he has not think that either my husband or | been faced myself was really anxious to keep him from serving his country. The only difficulty was to find him thing useful to do, and Sir John offered to take him on his staff as a galloper. To-day I am pleased to think that he is still serving under him, now as brigadier-general.
r %
or



a

A'



his
â


y#
/
the
/S

En
cakes baked
Delimit r
a
Some-"I hate
a case of
Brigadier-General F. S. MEIGHEN
iA New Director
*
T wm the most
logical thing for
i
MAIMED SOLDIERS
can
Now Knows Why They Can Still “Feel” Their Lost Limbs.

THE FIRST CUP OF TEA
transportation
corporation In the
out and pick Frank Stephen
Melghen off the financial land* ficapa When the shareholders % of
the Canadian Pa. dflo Railway Company, at its ¦¦¦¦¦annual meeting, held In Montreal, voted "Yes' to the addition of this “coming" young Cana dlan to Its Dire» «orate, the bustness world the wide world nodded lte proval
the man that fit, square post for the square bole, toe right man, branded and labelled “C. P. R.N
Hack from the
some-

to reach
Origin of the Great Chinese Tee
Industry.
V? .
h°- ,h|° thirknesa. "f one-1 Paris *aid that soÜLisTho ha/lost
Set	equally over feeuS a to’XuJilfn ir”,hough ‘ the
u„iZ .t1!’“Ù °,V'lnp,a margm uf about limb was perhaps far removed from
Roll mi	e pu,idln.g t0 j°in- thvir sight—lying somewhere along
! lightly, join the ends secure- tile buttle front
ste.im tor the same length of time. Army." He says:
ud<? ,tabbagv Soap.—Three	“It is a well-known fact that
ZP. ,, edde(l, half-cooked cabbagê, merely for a few hours hut for weeks
v”" CUP rice, two quarts stock, and even months after a limb has
suifs;r	-
v\ ’:h br well seasoned. Add . fions as though it were present. These a lake, let them boil together until sensations are very vivid for a time-
grated P«Srmender’ uni1 ,,asu freshly ,he patient wy ‘h“t he feels his lost .W TM	iZ" Whcn *erv" arm ly,ng by hi* Side, or on his breast
,'umpkin'r;%YZ,%^
is a recipe for pumpkin pie without gone, and the like, from' th»em°Vei!he PU'.P an.d seedsl "Precisely similar sensations are
The, «if, T °f a, "Z brown color, sensations have anything to do with
SpUi!.............. -r " " - -
then add slowly one pint of rich,I sweet milk that is scalding hot. Havejple.
reatly a deep pie plate lined with pas-1 “We learn from infancy to ,
«	t° t|Urn UP iat ,the edge far I ciate certain ,(»<*al sensations with
... ! ¦	°11,e P,nche(l mto scallops, tain musclar movements
Wet in cold water




The Chinese claim to be the l_
users of tea as a drink, and how it originated is told in a pretty little I recall General French as I saw j.egcn(^ that dates from 2,000 years be-him at ('laridge's, firm-mouthed, curt ^<)lc *be coming of Christ. A daughter in manner, briefly incisive in speech, of u then feigning sovereign fell in saying no more than was absolutely [ove with a young nobleman whose necessary, and looking at me with the .mble birth excluded him from mar-curious glance that bespeaks the man rying her- Th^X managed to ex__________sees vi- cbanKe glances, and he occasionally
sions. A strong, resolute figure, with fathered a few blossoms and had an iron will behind it, a human war them conveyed to her. One day in the
Palace garden the lovers met, and the young man endeavored to give her a few flowers, but so keen was the watchfulness of her attendants all she could grasp was a little twig with green leaves. On reaching her she put the twig in water and, towards evening, she drank the water in which the twig had been kept agreeable was the taste that she drive the leaves and stalks; every day his men, and they did their utmost afterwards she had bunches of the emeu of the’now	for him’ because they had implic it tea brought to her, which >hv treated
tier stiu on him	belief in their fader’s direction and m the same way. Imitation being the
lus ear-drums still tW jfilR&g,’	unbounded faith in his skill.	sincerest form of flattery the ladies
quivering with	&Hv comc batk to England wearing of thc Court tried the experiment,
the shock of the	a11 the laurels of a successful gvn- and with such pleasing results that
bursting shrapnel,	eraI» an<1 1 met him several times in thc custom spread throughout the
MeVr h»n“fer*1	town. "The dust of praise that is kingdom—and the great Chinese tea
MIPBi
msm
i ne rorest and Stream, the Montreal Hunt, the Back River Polo the | hoste doceri, It is allowable to learn in pits or ditches.
Montreal Jockey, the Toronto Hunt, and others.	* fven from an enemy," he adapted
JamM a- «I r Diversity Olubt of Montreal,- the York Club of Toron- > the noeuvree.	he, "you are something of a singer,
ltd a. He was formerly adjutant ef the ttb Royal Highlander» and lng of our m,n waa terribly hard, hr Perh*P* 1 warn thr thoughtful became Lleutenant^Colonal cemmandlw the reglmeat la 1IM. He .elan- and 8ir Douglas have found the rip. rejoinder of the other. “Has he a
aZt	? B°Uth	fh»a the present war broke eut he , fruit* of it in that wonderful retreat Wry b*M V0,C,T”	«filled
,	&g£â^ssessï=»,“
|	0wde IJU * ®<	^ w üw «ko, % jh„mMr,je een flnd no p,6ee «"
À born
first

#8
. 'r.ûnrf .
Has an Iron Will
an

m
Al



s
*
I
of action who dreams and
not


w .¦»

machine in perfect order—that my first impression.
Many of my soldier friends | I with him in South Africa, where his gifts as a cavalry leader roused enthusiasm. Writing home from the front, they told me he had but fault as a commanding officer —he could not realize that horses do not respond as readily as soldiers to human emotions. He could
was
ver
ap-
were
He wag
the
room
one
So


even
are
trenches
o t
over
and
F J a n d e r e, the
# •
The true explanation is very sim
WAR ON THE LOCUST
asso-
cer
Tm nerve
r<lge. I* ill the crust and bake in _ moderate oven until the middle of the pic is quite firm.
be-
| conscious of the feeling as be-a | longing to a particular muscular ¦ gXfter this muscular action is „w lunger possible the nerves may still, through irritation, weakness or disease, take an impression to the brain, which is intensely localized through
habit with the remembered muscular action.
ac
tion
no
Hints to Housewives.
A little saltpetre in the water will keep flowers fresh a week.
Baking soda wet and bound
Barts will remove them, it is said. "This is one of the proofs of what New pails or tubs should he paint- , physicians call a muscular sense. This ?d with glycerine to prevent shrink- J10* «° he regarded as an actively “t.- —	conscious sense, like slight or touch,
1,1,1 y°u *v*r try adding a cup of hut is rather of the nature of rold, cooked oatmeal to beef or to- • ****** mato soup ?
To keep
As re-
an an-
on
re-
organic
giving its information and working its effect without definite pancakes from being I consciousness. This internal sensi-greasy and heavy, do not have batter hility corresponds to every changing too thick and be sure that the griddle 1 condition of the muscles, and even af-,s P|P*ng hot. *	I ter the removal of a limb, or
Mirrors spot when the light falling ' PQrt of the body, the rm them is too strong. Place them *ociatad with it by the consciousness »o that the light comes from the sides. I may remain.”
When water is spilt on a highly-polished table rub with furniture cream as soon as the water is wiped off and no mark will remain.
Rub a little vinegar on the skin if your hands get very cold whilst are hanging clothes out to dry. trick makes the hands much
summer
sensations as-
time to pi ay.	_____
of the hazardous game of pony pole, and u
Montreal J	¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦

FRIBITE TO TEMPERANCE
It Has Ameliorated Condition of Russian Refugees.
you
The | The editor of the Russky Slovoe,
__	___ warmer. wbo has made a personal tour of the
Ink can be removed from washing romdw on which there is a great con-material by sprinkling a little tomato gestion of refugees from western Juice on to the stain; after leaving Russia, writes of the terrible condl-f°r * few minutes wash in the usual tions prevailing. But, he says, "we w*7«	have to thank the work of public or-
In washing dishcloths, instead of ganizations, the mild autumn with flying soap or borax, put a quantity late rains, and the temperance of the of *°aP in the water and boil them. People for the fact that the crisis is The grease and soda make a soap ' P***ing without grave disturbances, that does its own work and cloths To temperance, more than any other •mell sweet.	factor, is due the heroic calm with
If you wish flower slips to bloom which the homeless wanderers are while pla/.ts are young, put the cut- Pursuing their melancholy pilgrim-tings in small crocks. As soon as *** " the crocks are Ailed with roots, plant	?--------
bey will begin to bloom, e.peci.1- j ft may be easier to coax . woman
,	|,h*" t® drive her, but It'» a lot more
collect#! a. expensive.
Had a Heavy Voice

cm
- «

i, .

?

— ;
nm
you hav
The man who kr.ow» euot tend to his own bus’ners )
ilIi to fit-
Wier, he Is merciless

###PAGE###3###

WAR STRAIN OF FRENCH ROADS
SIR F. E. SMITH IN !
DEATH’S TOLL
In Liverpool his Is a name to conjure with. He was born there, and
1 he represents one of its divisions In Railways Meet Tremendous Enter* Five Million Men Said to Have Been Parliament. In fact, he has made himself almost as solid with the Liverpudlians as the late Mr. Chamberlain did with the people of Birmingham.
Asked, not long ago, to what he attributed his success, he said that it was mainly owing to two causes.
First, to the fact that he was for-	x ... .	,,
tunate enough to posses* a very able ypar Au*ust-	rnab'ea one .
father from whom he inherited what- measure and appreciate the mugm	.	.
tude of the work required of the alone, leaving the other States to pub-
transport system under war condi- lish what they please, tions and military control.	July 31 Premier Asquith stated in
From the very outset the mobiliza- the House of Commons that during tion and concentration had exacted the first year of the war there had
been over 2,000,000 men killed
WINNERS OF THE ! VICTORIA CROSS
ions, while other infantry regiments previous to this war, had only two The total number gained by the Guards’ brigade since the institution of the ho..or in the Crimean War is 1 eighteen.
CLASS BY HIMSELF
Killed in the War
gency Needs
Col. Heussler, a Swiss military
French military authorities took over thv railway systems of th oun- statistician, calculates carefully th try, whether State or privately own id, elm Ight on July 81, 1014. Ever	the	war began
since then the French railways have	are	largely	guesses.	Neither France
been subjected to a frightful strain,	nor	Russia	issues totals of	casualty
Publication of the figures for the	lists, while	Germany	either	combines
to her forces with those of the Austro-
6,000,000 men have been killed since
All these estimates
Ten Naval Herod
THE FOREMOST AUTHORITY ON INTERNATIONAL LAW.
LANCASHIRE FUSILIERS HEAD LIST OF BRITISH.
The ten V.C.’s given during the past year to naval officers and men bring the total bestowed on the senior service to fifty-one. Three of these Four f'imadianH llaxe Gained the crosses were won by the commanders
of submarines in the Dardanelles and
Is Extremely Versatile, and Is Beat Product of Unionist Party in Recent Years.
Hungary, or gives the Prussian losses
Little Bronze Cross "For

ever abilities he possessed, and secondly to his capacity for hard work— not because he was naturally disposed
Sea of Marmora
On Dec. 13, 1914, Lieut. N. D. Holbrook, in command of Bll, entered In his speech at the Lord Mayor of
the Dardanelles and, notwithstanding London’s banquet, Sir F. E. Smith, to like hard work, he explained, for
the difficult current, dived his vessel the newly-appointed Attorney-General, | he thought that he had a natural pre - III H 1 ,	.
EE—EBE	! SS5 C—TE
rific shell fire from land and naval country with the trade of the former, quite young, leaving the Smith family ™cr!* A1 th® tr*,n **!%'<?* ha.<l .to ,u “	' m as ' ,v
batteries, which compelled him to sub-	during the present war. He said that j —or this	branch of it—not over-	be immediately intensified and in-	Great Britain
merge his tiny craft for upwards of	it raised contentions from which Brit-1 burdened	with means. And the At-	creased in order to cope with the	France .
nine hours.	________ ish lawyers profoundly dissented, torney-Gi	ral climbed to the bar	'"'I'''' '' '' ,M ,N ^ty of can with-	Ry .
and that he trusted that the latter and later	to Parliament, and his pro-	*n the shortest time the greatest num-	Belgium ....
were capable of making their case sent position, by means of scholar-	*,er troops to the frontier. This	Serbia.
Four months later, Lieut. Com- good. He added that the bar had ; ships.	i sudden change had to be accomplish-^ Japan ......
N I J I	mander Boyle, in charge of the E14, now to play its part. An American] But of his faculty of concentration cd without a seconds hesitation, the Total allies
must go to Lieut. Michael JLeaiy, too^ 8U|,marine under the mine correspondent cabled of this speech there can be no doubt. Whatever he safety of the country depending upon Germany ...
Northumberland Fusiliers, who at f)e](|5) jn (h^ Dardanelles and entered that it was as immature as its maker takes in hand he does thoroughly, its smoothness ami rapidity. Mean- Austria .
Guinchy on !•<• >. 1, killed five (»er- geft of Marmora. There, or in the looked.	'	He works twice as quickly as do most wRj,e* rc,|U(cd traffic for passengers '[ uYkt-y
mans holding the first barricade, am gtrajtg> 8ank two Turkish gun- But he mistook his man. Sir Fred- of his competitors, and more than an,,T freight had to be continued, then dashed on and slew three more,	|)Qatg aaj one transport. A little	crick Smith is certainly guilty	of	double as hard. In	nearly all that	Vntil	August	5	the	mobilization
taking another two prisoners. He	jat(ir Commander M. E. Nasmith re-	what Pitt styled “the atrocious crime	he does there is a sound	and	solid	lasted.	In	three	days ( August	J	o) Grand total
actually captured the	entire position	pettte(j *,8	heroic feat, destroying	of being a young man"—he is only	substraction of sense—and	even	his	more than 3,000 trains ran over on the	Since then Col. Heussler’s calcula, without the aid	of	his	comrades, anr	one guni,oati	two transports, one am-	forty-three, and that is an early age	nonsense is usually but the	froth	of	privately owned P.L M. ( Pa r is- Lyons -	tjons	are the first that have given
the whole	world—outside	of	the	Teu-	munjtion ship and three store ships.	at which to have reached the head- wisdom.	Mediterranean). On August f>, the	appearance 0f	authority.	But	on	the
ton empires—rang with	the	praises	of	Qf the four airmen who have won	ship of the entire English bar. But	mobilization continuing, the concen-	game basis there	is	a	monthly	average
the gallant Irishman. O'Leary was	bronze cross, two have not he is very far from being “immature.”	------*------- tration (the transporting of the form- of	killed, which, omitting Ja-
then plain sergeant in the Irish livcd to Wl,ar xt Flight-Lieutenant Not merely as an advocate, but as a	^ units to specified points on the pan> would make 3,877,834 killed from
Guards, but following the bestowal of Warneford gained his by performing lawyer, in the very widest sense of 1HL INTRENCHING TOOL. frontier) began. The State-owned ^ug. ]	1914, to Nov. 15, 1915. To
the cross, he was appointed to a sec- ^ unparalleled feat of destroying that term, he has few equals in his	"	eastern system during a fortnight ^is may be added the unofficial esti-
end lieutenancy	in	the	old “Fighting	8^glc handed	a Zeppelin and its crew,	own land. And in matters of interna-	8oM,cr Va1ues 11 Next to	11,8 K,fle’	ran an average of 400 military trams	matea	of those killed on the Italian
Fifth.”	only to lose	his life six days later	tional law, he is, among practising	For It Means Safety.	a day, while transporting 50,000	front	of these 10,000 were Austrians
while making a “practice flight” near, barristers in Parliament, quite in a Next to his rifle, every soldier at c!vll,aaa were “ee,ng th® !nva" and 30,000 Italians, making a grand
mmm
advancing behind a wall of poisonous	tally wounded after successfully	ternational law And though	the	piece wlth a pick at	one	end	and a
that Private John Lynn, of that	bombing the German communications	British reply will be signed by	Sir	gharp> narrow spade	at	the	other,
famous regiment, although almost at Courtrai. In spite of his serious, Edward Grey, as Foreign Minister, it Me„ cling t0 their intrenching tools overcome by the fumes, worked his injuries, however, he retained control is undoubted that its compilation will when they have had to discard nearly trm -| ¦	When	of thc machine antl flew a distance be mainly the work of the Law Of- every other article of equipment. A
of 35 miles back to the British lines, fleers of the Crown, and particularly where he made a successful landing, of Sir Frederick Smith, as the Senior and handed in his report. Five days Law Officer, later he died in a hospital. In recommending thc gallant officer for the
Valor.”

With the bestowal of the Victoria Cross on Sergeant Brooks of the Coldstream Guards the number conferred during the present war bus been brought to 119, including a clasp given to an officer who won the cross in the South African campaign deeds for which the little bronze cross have been bestowed range from saving comrades under heavy shell and rifle fire to destroying a Zeppelin and its crew.
For sheer Paladin valor, thc palm
He
The
1 Hi, 000
400.000
733.000
47.000
04.000

Repeated Once More
300
1,300.300
482.000
341.000
45,000
868,000
Total Teutons
2,228,300

Gallant Lancashire Lad
ported 600,000 officers and soldiers,
144,000	horses and 40,000 vehicles.
In certain central stations a train
BIRCH BREAD” FOR GERMANS.
gas
Scientists Say Loaves Made From Wood Are Nourishing.
passed every five minutes on an average for more than a fortnight.
In addition to the transport provid- Germany’s “war bread" is in a fair ed for the French army, the northern way, it seems, to be supplemented by line had to take care of the British “birch bread,” or some other wood Expeditionary Corps, 2GO,000 strong, fibre product, which will lend a new plus its material and stores, and the and literal significance to the haek-Orleans system ran 400 trains at six- neyed term “staff of life.” Scientists minute intervals, bringing up the In- have been renewing the experiments
initiated nearly a hundred years ago The battles of the Marne and of the i,y a Tübingen professor, and an* Yser increased the strain. To prevent nounce that they are able to turn the Germans reaching Calais 6,000 ordinary wood into a nourishing subtrains moved 70 divisions of infantry; stitute for flour.
to defeat the enemy it being necessary Birch seems to be the wood prefcr-to exceed in rapidity and capacity his re(] for this purpose, and the process railway transport and counter-con- to which it is subjected is described
as follows:
The logs are first stripped of bark be provided for the wounded, and both and cut into small pieces about an the armies and the civilian popula- jncb thick, which are in turn reduced tion had to be fed. For the Paris in- to splinters and soaked in hot water, trenched camp alone the Orleans line Then they are dried in the sun, and brought up in a month 117,000 tons of afterward in a heater similar to those foodstuffs, 66,000 tons of fodder, 107,- used in drying fruit. This done, the 000 oxen, 211,000 sheep and pigs
machine gun with great effect ho was no longer able to see the approaching enemy he stood on the parapet and continued to pour a devastating holocaust of bullets from this vantage point. He saved the trench,
but at the expense of his life, for he ?r0M* thf Commander-in-chief plainly
intimated that if he had thought more
of himself and less of his machine
man without an intrenching tool feels that he is of rather less value as a soldier than if he had no uniform. Without this little pick and spade he | must lie out in the open after an advance instead of scraping for himself a little mound for cover.
When there is any movement in the lines most of the intrenching work is done with these little tools. It is only when a position has been solidly won and is to be occupied more or less permanently that large picks are brought up and put into use.
The infantryman needs no urging to It becomes the merest instinct to realize that his life depends on providing himself with proper cover. And this -instinct is strong enough to conquer even the overpowering desire for sleep which comes at the close of a long day’s hard fighting, and which at nightfall often makes even the consumption of food seem superfluous. Frequently the tired infantryman, after 10 or 12 hours of fighting, must struggle from dusk to midnight with his intrenching tools; not till his cosnug and sound does the soldier dare to curl himself up in his pit and take the coveted 40 winks in preparation for his counter-attack, which is almost certain to come before dusk. A soldier’s letter tells about a Bri-
succumbed next day to the poison fumes he had inhaled.
dian troops
and finishing his work, he might have descended earlier and saved his life.
Four Canadian V.C/s.

A feat of gallantry similar to this was performed by Lieut. Campbell, a gallant Mount Forest man, who though severely wounded, continued to operate his machine gun until he succumbed to his injuries.
In addition to Lieut. Campbell, three other Canadians have won the Victoria Cross at Ypres on April 23rd, Lance Corporal Fred Fisher brought up a machine gun and made it possible for a threatened field battery to retire. In doing this he lost four of his men, but having obtained four more, he returned to the firing line to cover the advance of a supporting force. In doing so, the gallant corporal was killed, but the little bronze cross was forwarded with an expression of the King’s sympathy to his parents in Montreal.
Gave Life For Friend.
Hard to Win


That the coveted honor has not been awarded with a lavish hand in this campaign of campaigns is evidenced by comparison with the Indian Mutiny, in which 182 crosses were bestowed. In the Crimean War 111 sailors and soldiers won the decoration.


centriste in time.
Meanwhile sanitary trains had to


dig

From 1856 to the outbreak of the present world struggle, a period of 58 years, less than 550 British fighting men have been singled out to wear the honor, despite the fact that during that time our sailors and soldiers have been fighting in every quarter of the world. Little wonder that the
fragments are ground to a very fine powder. This wood flour is then treated with water, to which has been added some form of gluten; for example, linseed oil. It is kneaded and baked in rolls or loaves about as big as a man’s fist, the baking giving it Ideas of "solid comfort” vary. A ] a yellowish brown color, pipe and a jug and a fish pole is a The birch bread is said to have the suggestive combination in the mind of same taste and smell as ordinary
book of verses under- bread and to be perfectly digestible;
MANY MEN, MANY MINUS
Various Interesting Views as to
“Solid Comfort.”
cross is highly esteemed.
Its award stands not only as the hallmark of soldierly valor, but stamps the recipient as a spirit kinsman of the three hundred Spartan im- The of lawyer, Sir Frederick
Sergeant-Major Fred Hall also won	mortals	who fell at Thermopylae.	Smith	took to	law with the	ease with
the cross on this occasion, when he	which	a duck takes to swimming.1	tigh regiment that	boasted	they did
tried to rescue a wounded comrade	-------*--------- Twenty-one years ago he took a first- not dig. “It was a very gallant regi-
rangc " The^UsÏ'cîs^’him his life!	VODKA LESS RUSSIA.	j!r”prud!ncc^OxCd. anfglined ^thc WthThlnoJof BrluTnVpaTt
ripient was Captain Scrimger, medi-	Are Now Prosperous.	was one of the examiners in the law ner of the globe. But they had not
cal officer attached to the 14th Mont- Herr Anton Karlgren, sub-editor of	schools at Oxford University. been taught to dig; it was beneath
real battalion, who dressed the "Dagens Nyheter” (Sweden) gives Apart from his brilliant career at the them. They were nominally a cavalry wounded under a holocaust of shells, some further impression of his recent l,ar, he is known as a voluminous and regiment, with a cavalry regiment s He alone of the four Canadian heroes visit to Russia. His description of profound writer in legal subjects, foolish ideas of caste.
the coveted decoration, the change in the life of the masses, particularly on international law, on “And here is what happened to Nine Are Australians.	brought	about by the prohibition of j which	he has	written two	standard	them	not far from	Mons.	The regi-
In addition to the Canadians, other	the sale	of vodka merits attention.	works.	Thus,	if the British	case is	ment	had been rushed into	a gap to
overseas Dominions are represented In the towns there has never been, not well put when the reply to the cover the flank of an infantry blithe V.C. honor roll. The Austra- he notes from personal observation, ; United States note is compiled, it gade. Because they were dismounted, lians head the list with nine, while the so much prosperity as at present, should nrt. be the-fault of th - man an infantry officer offered them some Indian army has won eight, and the Beggars have disappeared from the who will have the chief share in com-New Zealanders one. The remaining streets, and the masses are better fed PllinK it 97 have been distributed as follows:	and better clad than ever before
Royal Navy, 10; Flying Corps, 4
Cavalry, 2; Yeomanry, 1; Royal En- the blessings of teetotalism are most gineers, 5; Royal Artillery, 9; Guards’ apparent. “*
Brigade, 7; Infantry of the Line, 51
ver is
m
Sir F. E. Smith
many a man; a
neath a bough, etc., was the poet’s | but it is gravely remarked—perhaps dream (though to be sure, there was a in unconscious plagiarism from the jug in that vision, too). But let your famous recipe for “stone soup”—that mind grasp this paragraph from the it is considerably improved by mixing
with the wood flour about half its in the weight of the real article.
Manchester (England) Guardian “The wants of the men trenches are curious and varied, but this request from a university youth RIFLE HAS CURVED BARREL.
at the front is a queer combination of	----
th<- intellectual and the practical : New Arm With Safety Device for
’Could you post me each week the Spectator and a small tin of insect powder?
It takes so few creature comforts to make a man contented! One pictures this educated young soldier waiting eagerly for each week’s mail, seizing his precious packages with
------4»
Trench Work
A rifle that shoots over the parapet while the user sits in comparative safety in the trench without necessity for exposing himself to the fire of the enemy is a late invention brought out by a well-known sportsman and big-game hunter of England. The feature of this invention is that the rifle is
lives to wear
# ##
on
friendly advice, urging them to pro
vide themselves with some kind of trembling, anticipatory glee, and,
cover. But they laughed, took their with his powder tin in one hand and ^ verticaHy while the projectile is posi n and lay down in the open, his magazine in the other, running to flred horizontally. This is accom It was once said of another famous <wre don’t dig/ they boasted proudly, his cozy little nook tor an hour of
mental and physical bliss!
Versatile as Churchill
It is, however, in the village that
*
plished by a curved deflecting tube, 1 fixed to the muzzle of the gun, that changes the course of the projectile from the vertical to the horizontal as ; it leaves the gun.
In spite of the enormous friction that must accompany this change of direction the tube, as shown by actual tests, is not subject to excessive wear, the world over for plants of economic while the effective range of a rifle A merely fallen enemy may rise value and introduced them into this cquipped *ith this device is between again, but the reconciled one is truly country, has communicated some in- ' 1(K) and 150 yardg. The rifle is aimed vanquished.—Schiller.	teresting facts about insects. He ^y means of a periscope consisting of
Hope awakens courage. He who says the champion aeronaut is the two mirrors, one fixed to the upper implant courage in the human king grasshopper, which has the abil- end and iho other to the lower end o(
soul is its best physician.—Von Kue- j ity to jump 100 times its length and ft tube thfit ig mounted on the rifle
sail for 1,000 miles before the
___  The hundreds of millions lawyer-statesman—the great Brough- Poor gallant fellows! Ten minutes
nr.KUW , 4llieilM„ w „„ _____ . formerly spent in the spirit shops am—that if only he knew a little law, later a battery found them and spray-
TT'*;	*¦»-	&1~
asted in drinking bouts deal of law. But he knows a great bush by the gardener’s spray."
SOME INSECT WONDERS
Corps, including clasp awarded to peasants.	-	.	,	. ,
officer who won the cross in South formerly wasted in drinking bouts «<*1 or law M ||
and their after-effect, help to line the deal of many other things, too packet,	deed, the only man in British public
¦ The net result is that thc Russian life who can approach him for versa-
Cricket Sings a Mile, Grasshopper Sails One Thousand.
In-
Africa, 2; Headquarters Staff, 1
Infantryman’» War.
The figures show the great part villages, so to say, roll in money, tility is Mr. Winston ( hurchill, who,
twice as it happens, is his closest friend.
David Fairchild, who has hunted
THOUGHTS FOR THE DAY
played by the infantry soldier in mod- Meat, formerly eaten once or ern warfare, for of the 105 crosses a year, is becoming part of the daily Rut Fred" is far and away, a better-bestowed on members of the land fare, and dwellings and farming uten- rea(1 man that “Winnie —at once forces, 85 have been gained by men sils and decent clothes are being pur- more deeply and more widely read, of “foot-slogging” corps. To the Lan- chased out of savings by the agricul- Like Mr. Churchill, he is an officer in cashire Fusiliers falls the honor of tural population.	the King’s Own Oxfordshire Hussars,
having secured the greatest number The one danger with thc increase	he was, for several months, at
of crosses awarded to a single unit, of economic strength is thc possibil- *be front, whither the other is un-that gallant corps having four during ity of a decrease of moral strength. derMood to he going, the present war. The Manchester*, Vodka filled a void in the empty and s,r Frederick Smith is th< one have also won four, but this number lustreless life of the peasant.	brilliant young man primed by the
includes one cross which was bestow- He wonders now how he shall Zionist party in recent years. He ed on	a member	of	one	of its	Terri- spend his free time and his superflu-	,s a long way th<	best platform
tonal	battalions.	ous money. Stories are told of cases	speaker in his party,	and one of	the
^ s 0	of suicide due to the dullness of life	three best in the country. In	his
The Sweeps	Head	I.mi.	now yiat ^ ««dear little water” has	maiden speech in	Parliament	he
been put out of reach.	caught the ear of the House of Com-
The teetotallers are alive to this moms, and there are few speakers danger, and already, in certain dis- more gratefully heard in the House. Mets of Russia, “people's houses” The Unionists like him for his first-
ate being provided, equipped with «#"* fighting qualities, the Liberals
because he bears no malice. Always in the thick of the fight—in the days before coalition caused the Liberal lion to lie down with the Unionist lamb—and Invariably characterised by a splendid audacity, he has known how to take, as well as to give, hard
Mm*	i
can
bel
can
barrel
And the Kingdom of Heaven is of wind, the child-like, of those who are easy] The cricket is described as a paw-to please, who love and who give plea- erful singer, its shrill note
R. L. Stevenson.	| times being heard a mile away. The “Don your wife allow you to
When one is tempted to write a cle-1 males alone are musical, and the fe-	aro. the house,
ver but harsh thing, though it may be males listen to their melodious wooing ^ requires me to do so, replied
£3
Thc longer I live the more highly do fighters among themselves as they 1 " ^ to keep e in8ec 8 ° *--------
I estimate the Christian Sabbath, and are, or cannibals, eating each other the more grateful do I feel toward when there is not enough food at hand, those who impress its importance on The ants sre described the community.—Daniel Webster	munists, because the individual inter- | hoarding the steamer with his loot
Life is not made out of money, and est ie merged in the community. when he noticed m man standing by friendship, and talents, and patron- Theirs is a female rights colony. tkr rail who looked like a detective, age, and family influences, and good The workers are females, the soldiers Do >’°u think that when he sees
*
Compelled to be Useful

Mime
su rc
“I don’t like tobacco


As the Rifle Brigade had previously received fifteen crosses, this famous corps now heads the list of line regiments with eighteen, and la followed by the King’s Royal Riflles and the South Wales Borderers, each with libraries, tea, lecture, and reading-
The Gordon Highlanders room» and cinematographs.
All this is to the good, writes Karl-gren, but a big effort ie essential In It order to raise the intellectual and moral level of the nation if Russia*# teetotal year ie to be more than a little episode in her history.
the Websterian
Sailed
The bank cashier disguised, was
as com
rank fourth with fifteen, three of
re won during the Dargai eighteen years ago pointed out in fairness, how-oth the Rifle Brigade and had tout regular bat lu!
......---- ---------------_--J	The	worker» are females, the soldiers	.
chances, and	good positions,	and good	are	females, the nurses	are females,	me on	he Wl1 *e,ze	me
health and	good	nature; it	Is	made	and	there is one queen	mother for	he asked	of	his	accomplice.
-----	- ¦"	¦	them *11. who lay* all the	egg. for the	“I apprehend	yog need not.	appre
colony. The mile* are but mate* for bend that he will apprehend you, the young queen.	responded the other comfortingly.
which
campa
should
out of faith, virtue, knowledge, tern perance, patience, godliness, and bro thvrly kindness and love.—Inninger.
«Lui k
rifle <
###PAGE###4###
THE EQUITY.
(j. MvKilloji, tiring N I*. Armstrong, repairing desk and making tal.lv for No. l •1. A. E. l'"wlvv. Minpi it s No. 1 as |ier hill W. Iteatti
I - inns. 2.00
Pkovinck of Qvkhkc,
of tuf County of Pontiac
Fall Suitings
15.1 M
Mi nk iivxmtx
SHAWVILLE, DEC. 30. 1915
«.I
By-Law No. 52.
Mipi'li.
per bill
\. < bant, 2 broom* fur N uvtaking and
work
N
vomi'ili'1 U,lV,llagv 1,1 V'tuipbells Un y. and the follow Ing
iilIIISIlii
mutfd townships ut Waltham and Mry.-on ; Thomas'Bamford
f;s,, V T,yor	townships „f Mansfield mul Ponte
Th ! ' V,nv'	trI • Mayor of tlu> village of l'oi t Cotilonge
.	Ke 1 ' ‘N'.iy,“ 1,1 tho township of Leitvhtield ; Vol
neluis MoNaMy. hw Mayor of the township of ( ah,met Island
XX ' himer. Esq Mayor of the village of Bryson ; (i. E. Reid
Esq., Mayor ol the village of Portage du Fort ; Thomas Parker,
isespêîESâsssiT
liiSlBi
lows11 “.Til*?! midordained by By-Law of this Con,nil ,
I
l.ibvv.il iHtliticians endeavored 1 an outcry against the coin sr "1 nnheat tnr the allied go>
It did nt work for the roa-1 n
iv people know

1. Marks, <
N
Moved l»y vomis MvLeod
m’r Campl>e11 >.
r re. leave removed 1 I property.
1
!
Call and see our New Fall Goods.
I 11
hat
Mr. 11
1 tl
11
No. «
Svl
Ksq ,
count\
X di
took place regarding com’t s < 'ampbell and
r representing the municipal
loi
.. ; Overcoats for Men ...
In the Latest Belted Styles, with Shawl Collars.
tax
in arrears
dm it hay has U
Canadian products u|
** are to have first vail
l ‘tmadian ( Government i new way of helping to tight Gvr-and uses it.
Added to tin
Hon
l’ouï!
•on which ivil Even
Moved l»y voni'r* Horner and Me Leo iliat all taxes in arream l*o given int legal hands for col hr t ion.
Moved by vom'r Allen th now adjourn.
I
lv while tl

we d
Also Sweaters, Gloves and Mitts.
G. T 1>RVMMoM
Sec. Trea
uiada has already mad l.v sixty millions to
advances of the lhitish
CHRISTMAS EXAMS District Schools
MURRAY BROS., SHAWVILLE.
i*ury to finance war purchases in Now the Minister of Finance is establishing a fifty million dollar credit for tin

«
nia
war Canada
School No. 9, Clarendon
(•rade \ -Mildred Modgina, Sadie Hudgins, Eu |‘hernia Weir. Fnssell I rod gins, Willis Hoiigins I looney, Ruby Palmer
Grade IV Gertrude Hodgin*, Os ans are planning another terrific drive | home Hodgrns. Doris Judd.
8ome |‘"iiit along the western
iTtle front where the least
Ntine J'in | H»st
playing an ever larger part in tli
Dennis
v eon
Gertrude
Give Your Family a Cutter or Sleigh for Xmas.
\ belief exist* in Paris that the (1er
t
Grade 111 llert C.reenshiclds, Allan
.1 ,u<hl.
u.kvly if su, I, a point can Ik-	|	EJIio,t'
Hie Allies claim to lie well prepmvd for anything in that line the band out.
as toluol* the
to wit i
iÉlüSiasiEi
. Grade I Bert Webber, Winson Hod gins, Louis Judd.
Average attendance - 18.
Kathleen G Adams,
Teacher.
enemy can
G. A. HOWARD
sells all styles at rock bottom prices.
Minday, January 2nd, has been ap pointed by Royal Proclamation as a day
prayer and intereessi \ mighty God “ on behalf of the 11 ndertaken by
A tr.ieeolpy?l,'Tre**UPer‘ (Signed) H. T. IIvrdmax
N'Hool No. Clarendon
Grade \ --Thoma# Sheppard, Klwn t orngan, Milburn Hodgina. Mildred
SftrsSxsr*'- m"r>
D Lillian Dagg. Norma
n to
cause
Our Empire ami
1 >ur Allies, and to those who are offer-
Also a full line
Double and Single Harness, Robes, Blankets and
Halters. Reduced prices to clean up. Come and see for yourself.
....	.	, Grade
,n6 their lives for It, and for a sj>eedy Hodgins
in.l favorable ,*ace that shall be found Grade III Wallace Wilson. Wendell
ed on understanding and not hatred, to "j],'0"- Ada Wilson, Harold Wilson
tli- end that jwace shall endure."	Wilson
CJliott, Alfredda Elliott.
tirad,. j — Erma Corrigan, Weslev I 'of. E. B. Boulton, of Oxford Uni- jGagg. Willard Elliott
Pupils enrolled 20 a nee 19.
Secretary-Treasurer
**
Ht > son. Que., 80th December, 1915.
Ena
v >ity, attributes many of the failures
4 1 mistakes that have marked Brit.
ni ns conduct of the war to the neglect nf science
average attend S. E. Armstrong. Teacher.
Will buy or exchange Horses suitable for Army, and have several teams of A-l Horses at prices that will astonish you.
No. 4 Clarendon*.
Grade \ III — Sidney Draper, Ma 1 hompaon
I hat there have been arrive mistakes, whatever the
m that is bt-ing directed against Mr. Grade V— Edgar Dnq>er lk-ulih Pry. fo ,
.....te,k. nS.r&SSLS' T,(ZL!
Grade I\ Lauren, , Wilson, Lottie Ptthlic Notice ia hereby given by the ^ia! ^ P**tdue tum be collected im McDowell, Horace Hodgins and Heurv u'arraigned S. K. Hodgins, See-Treasurer f niodiately with costs, and all taxes not >oeni> to have ! ‘bygms equal; Ruby Mee, Lottie of the aforesaid Muninipality, that a ,n arrears be urged More the 1st Jan-omphsheii his object in bringing on 1 NN	!, °,L Walter Young.	public meeting of the Municipal electors !	uar-v’	1916
I election in that muntvv in a manner I « •(,ra,i’*	^ Neta McDowell,	Gladys	ut l,*.e ‘J**'1 Municipality, qualified to
was ^considered strictly ronsti- j	Grade	I - Rul Wilson.	held at" thë"l'ôu»cil"lWl'T t hr ' ‘said •’	Shaw ville, Dec. 0. 1916
I he newly elected House	M. Hark ness,	Tea. her.	Municipality on Monday, the 10th day i___________
the King’s no-war policy, yet it	„	--- of January, 1916, at 10 of the clock iii
« not represent more than a third of	14 Glarendon.	the forenoon, for the pursue of then
iliar situation, surely :	| Grade IV.-Ernest Martin David £ovTin,<? ^neber- te replace* Messrs
Horner. Grace Hill. Hugh it- Desjardins I o' ' hiu1vx' H T Argue and H. S
—..............-	u
made to the electors of Grade Il—John Martin, Mildred i>vs I * ember. 191
the Liberal party will iar^*nH» Ernie Kola Hard.
Grade I—Ralph H
(Signed) H. T. Hvrdmax,
Secretary-Treasure!
very cause, is
Work
Public Notice
NOTICE
1
G. A. HOWARD.
1 he King of Greect
A Beautiful Display
Of Holiday Goods
m. a. McKinley,
Asst. Secy Trea

nal
*
is
For Service.
Is now ready and awaiting your inspection.
lOHN ANDERSON,
R. R. No. 1, Maryland
It is full of new ideas, coming surprises, happy hints, novel and desir-
uhle features. You cannot find a better place to get just the right thing for everyone. Our
X rumor is t appeal i-I dominion.
,le" stock is full ol Rttmcllom for buyers who appreciate superior and really desirable holiday gifts of the latest design and best quality. We offei
For Service
A Pure-Bred Yorkshire Hog. 81.00 for one, or #1 j%) for two
PETER MOYLE*
Maryland
S. E. HUDGINS
- Ti

- ‘ ea nt‘w leader in the person of Mr. N. NX Rowell, the present leader of the ?'»M«<ition in the Ontario Legislature. V which opacity it may be remarked, •r gvutleman has not accomplished thing -specially noteworthy. That he would l>o likelv t
mer.
M. \ . Ram six. Teacher
Fee
many inducement* to the want*
in high grade goods at fairest priées, well adapted and requirements of onr patrons.
No. 1 Litchfield.
,»	-Anthony Bceman, Loretta
iHvnian, \ jolet Stewart, Myrtle Stewart i ,,
and h.lith Moore, equal Nellie Ken- \«	™V,,.1CC ot Qweliei,
nedy, Vharlhtte Kennedy, Beatrice Mm NIumciiiwlity of Vlarend
Gracie Ill-Ruby Moore	e" • ¦ *. \ “ l",bJic "'«ting el tl„-
«S.	I
«-4.	„ io|
e y "tels, ËB, 3l£;B £r |B-"
'	'¦» «•»•- m.......... stasras2ê1ïÆr oi
Quebec, to replace T borna < Eudes and \V. T. Barber, whose terms of office expire.
Given at Shawville, this 29th <lav December. 191,».
Public Notice
Grade \
??????
If you want the good quality, the right article and the reasonable price, inspect our line of
For Service
?
improve matters in
u’ sphere of Doeiinioa^politice -i m not apfiear very clear.
serv see
V. D. WILSON,
1 Ith Range, Clarendon,
H. M. R. No. 1, Charted*
Minutes Bristol School Co
sioners,
mis-
Watches,
docks,
Jewelery,
Smtol Dec .11, IÔ15.
'i he School ( omnon*loners of Bristol Met on the aliove date.
Present — Chairman Ross, Commis ?i« uera Campbell and McLeod.
Minutes of previous meeting read and adopted.
Goun. Allen now filed his oath of I ^ Salway, Albert Salway •^«•e and took his seat at the lioard.	No enrolled 26.
< oun. Horner now took his seat at Good conduct includes all my pupils *be Isjard.	|	Rae R. Stevenson, Teacher.
Moved by com’rs McLeod and Allen ihut the following tenders for wood be
accepted :
N *. 1- H, Russell, 10 cords hardwood and 2 cords softwood at 82.00.
No. 2 -M. Drummond, 10 cords hard-	_ _
wood and 2 cords softwood, 81.90. I	^	j Through All Engagements.
No. 3—T. J. Trudeau, 7 cords hardwW I	RAILWAY GO Unw Corporal L. Hardbord, of
2 cords soft wood, 81 75	I Montreal, who was wounded recently.
: ;	Christmas & New Years E“!S
s ;¦»*"*"*•“ excursions Ia.“VIKlMd‘r.,£T,.rA"
^o. 6—B..Hudson, 10 cords hardwood,	I9lfi-1R	when the war broke out Lance Cor-
i cords softwood, #1.90.	poral Harbord and hie father, Corp.
N„. 7_\\ Smith, 10 cords hardwood, ! Lowest one-way first class faro J* El Harbord 1)0111 enlisted, took
- : Ï&S — SBS'Br?JS
ncr that the following bills he paid :	Lowest one-way first class fare real. While In .hat city Corp. Bar
1 ontrnc Rural School fair grant $48.15 and one-third, good going Wed- bord, the father, won the champion- I Th , „	.	,	4£5
J Oliver & Sofia, 16 school desks i nesdny, Thursday, Friday and »hlP of Quebec Province for checker Thef >!lowingare laatSatardays quoi
and freight thereon	47.04 Saturday, Dec. 22nd, 28rd. 24 th ! PUyieS* Later the family moved to
It. Armstrong. ref aim No. 1 l.oo ,uu* ~>th. Return limit Tuesday Toronto, where they were living	Hatter. In prints 30rtelle
L Burrows, sweeping N* 4 for 4	i,)ec- 28th ; Also Wednesday.’ wben the war broke out.	Batter In palls28 to 30c
months	j go Thursday. Friday and Saturday! Botb ^sth,r an<1 BOn enlisted as	Kggs. fresh, oeruosen 40 to 45c
Mr- N. (>*.. c<iretaking No 5 a,	I ^ a>*	81st Mid Jnny l.t.	hed. •e,en "I7lc* PoUioe. per baa. $1.40
J ' [t^eVuMl'hmg minul" For"SÆ" Ico^-rh.iSS«WT,
t. •ecember, 1»Ii	«.001	C> A*ï, 8h.w,m,	!•*« •»«> *• « bomb throw.V. 7	| °«u P*rb..l,.l tfc
1	mmm 1	¦	----1 Ha v per ton 18.00 to SLOP
Shorthorn Stock for Sale
on M< indu \
Silverware,
Gut Glass,
way
Novelties, etc
Mt DOWELL,
Shawville
•t
and an endless chain of Beautiful Holiday Attractions that must be seen to be appreciated.
Our assortment contains in great variety
very latest and most pleasing novelties of the season which cannot fail to meet
quirements. They have the merit—they will please you. Let us help settle the question of what you will give to each person on your list by showing you desirable and altogether satisfactory presents for everyone of them.
THE MARKETS
f
EL T. HOhGIXs.
Ncv.-Trea
CANADIAN
Flour perbarrel $6.00
Wheat, pei bushel, standard--
Oats.per bushel, 36c.
Butter tubs, prlntsand rolls aflc Potatoes per lag. 80c.
Eggs perdozen 35c.
Pork per 100 lbs.8.50to 10.50 Chickens per lb. 10 to 12c.
Fowl Ducks Geese Turkeys
Hides per 100 lb#. 13.00 Pel ta 73 to 1.00 each Horse Hides each 2.50 Calfskins each 75 to 1.00 Veal Skins, each 00c
the
X
your re-
6 to 10
10
15 to 17
10 to 20 % DISCOUNT.


You are cordially invited to inspect our stock.
H. SHADEL,
J
Watchmaker and Jeweler.
###PAGE###5###
THE EQUITY, I
CANADA A YKAIt A FT till.
iiu*y Bent it first by schooner to 8t. John's, Newfoundland, then by L«*s Effervescent, Hut More l>tvr- anolher ve89el to Halifax, and thence
H
¦BE
who is volunteering now is the man liam for the gift whlch^F who believes his time to go has ar- i him by you." rived and that he can't any longer f
•tay home with his conscience——or tesies his neighbors
^ Weekly Journal devoted to Local Interests.
Published every Thursday
At Shawville, County Pontiac, Quo.
HOMEMAKERS’ CLUBS.
TIME OF MEETING :
Subscription, $1 a Year in Advance
** All arrears must be paid up before tu y paper is discontinued.
ADVERTISING HATES.
Austin
- First Tuesday, Murrells - Third Wednesday, Elmside
- Second Wednesday, Bristol, . - First Thursday, Starks Corners, Second Thurs. Wyman
T.egil adrertUlng, 10cent* per line for 1st insertion and 5 cents per line or each subsequent insertion
Ifoijjicss cards not exceeding one Inch Inserte.i
iMSHEEsEiBi=
sssr
Advertisement* received without In
W^wasresraaa-ft
never It was white
- First Friday, - First Saturday, - Last Saturday,
ot each month.
Shawville Yarm
M
t ••
rate*
OTTAWA
WINTER FAIR

JOB PRINTING.
wan sent to
THE
\U kinds of Job Printing neatly and cheaply executed. Orders by mail promptly attended to.
vanada a greatest corporations said presence of the warship may have |	---—-----—
Emm— W,000.00 in prizes.
‘h«Ï'iK?: .‘“i”h„.d ! S.ÏÆ.r"' """ '°m'” i-W" MICHr, w. 0. JACKSON,
Unit, au rely?"	--------------- President,	Secretary,
..veTd-for1 îemi who1 Zouldnt , T" """	| OTTAWA. ONT. CARP, ONT.
fight or couldn’t tell a lie for bis Some announcement regarding the¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦
country. We may all have to go, but !!!!%*i?J nthe G 7 P in connection If we are needed we shall be there to 7 w to,propo#ed 8teamer service to the last man and with the last dollar ^lasfca is expected in the near fu-
This is the spirit of all Canada "	! ture* Captain C. H. Nicholson, man
I was making the rounds of the re- ! ?ge4r of 0 T* p* Coa8t «teamships has cruiting stations one night with Coi I ,8t returned to Vancouver from ---. How did they come to-day* ^kagway via Prince Rupert, accord-
i « « tf'stsssrtd; arss1 « *-¦=» e«, m ...
man to-day because he was 46 and to fhe northern port was identified Al8° Laths, Dry Lumber. Clapboards*
he wanted to go the worst 'way: I ,wi*h lhe company’s proposal to estab- Flooring. End Matched Hardwood Floor
would-have made a bully soldier."	a ,#enrAce of 9teamers between | ing. Mouldings, Doors, etc. trv
Next time that happens," said the v ictona, Vancouver, and Skagway,
colonel, "tell him to go home and Ll£11Pr,“Cê Rupert, as announced by	A. F. CAMPBELL,
look in the family Bible and see if Ph,l,p Nicholson some weeks ago fol- ¦¦¦¦¦¦¦	¦¦
he hasn’t made a mistake. Sure that ! lowing a conference of company ofll-man was under 45. Remember, the ! c,ale al Prince Rupert.
King and country need him!" '	| HOME FOR CONVALESCENTS.
A light came into the recruiting officer’s eyes. "I see. sir, and I’ll re-
KM	111 I	**» .» «•* SoWi.r.,
There have been a few hasty anti- , S°me ,tlme a«°. Mrs. P. D. Crerar. recruiting demonstrations, some army ! °; H 21 m i 11 on, offered to convert part contract graft scandals and outcrop- ?r her home. Dunedin, into a private Pings of petty party politics, but pa-	for convalescent soldiers, and
triotism and profit have been con- !be Mayor accepted the offer, with ¦picuously chummy in only isolated the confidence that weak or nerve-instances. Canada, by and large is tracked soldiers could ask for no one man In the tight, resourceful I !?ore restful hom* in which to spend courageous, determined.	I fhe weeks of restoration than this I
beautiful spot The offer was made , dental to convert the double drawing-room, on the north side, into a ward which would accommodate ten patients, heating, lighting, and nursing service
GERMAN W ARSHIP TOOK SOUND I h ng BuppLie<i by Mrs Crerar, who
,NfiS KAST COAST. I hûenden™of III	I
The city contributes to the running Remarkable Story is Revived by Pre- I but the Ham mo/women^have* aided
w" -	^ I	Midu* McIntosh red apple trees
5oi;~,‘5lS4"sK"1 F,"i‘
0. F. HOGGINS CO.
JOHN A. COWAN.
Publisher
Professional Cards.
wish you
OR. A. H. BEERS
A Happy New Year.
SURGEON DENTIST
Campbells Bay • . Qr*.
Doctor of Medicine and Master of Surgery McGill University.
Doctor of Dental Surgery, University of Pennsylvania.
Licentiate of Dental Surgery, Quebec.
* I «'hen you want the best value for yo u
. money in ..
SHINGLES
S. A. MACKAY
NOTARY PUBLIC
Shawville,----Que.
hox 455
Arnprior. Ont.
R. MILLAR, L.L.L.
Crerar Home at Hamilton Thrown HELP PR O T EC T
THE DEER.
ADVOCATE,
Campbells Bay, Que
Will vlsitShawville every Saturday.
And other Game during Close Season by reporting at once to the undersigned »ny violation of the Came Law you become aware of. Liberal paid for convicting evidence, respondent strictly private and confi-
D. R. BARRY, K.C.
compensation All cor-
BARRI3TER. ADVOCATE, AC
Office and Residence
Campbells Bay, Que.
AC Visits Shawville every Saturday.
CHARTED OUR WATERS
N.McCUAIC
Prov Game Warden-
Bryson, January, 191fi
We Gan Do It
CEO. C. WRIGHT, K.C.
AGENTS WANTED
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, &C
That is, supply you with the kind of STOVE, RANGE, HEATER, FURNACE
that will give best satisfaction. Call and be convinced.
-TO SELL—
196 Main St. - Hull.
Around the Nova Scotian
*nU Vll!M ,h<* >,oratian There are all manner of pleasant xi Element at Nain—Strange Pre- memories about Dunedin drawing-
text Given for Visit.	room, which has a famous floor and
a glorious view of lawn and stately
The Star °ld trees, says Canadrenne in Toron-
ar. 10 Saturday Night, describing a visit
S
terest. It is herewith re- three years since its genial "Master"
was taken very suddenly from the household he loved so dearly. But,
peror William of Germany suddenly dance and friendship’s widening cir? take a fancy to secure a special Ger- it has known no better days than man chart of Canada’s eastern coast tho8e which are to come—and many
—« * ra ssM2 s:: r »
long, low German man-o’-war, with at Dunedin Such a radiant prospect three grey funnels and a white hull 11 wa«. with salvia and yellow asters
bristling with all the Implements of making a September pageantry which tor - ADvlarîi	WVEN.
I have on hand the finest N 5	6 C0a8t line’ lhe GuIf ot a8ters beside each white bed. and al- ;	364 Univer#,t* SL. Montréal.
Qtnplr nf XToflklrt i n	at	St' Lawrence* and the bleak shores together it was difficult to believe in
Stock OI Alarble and Granite MoilU- Of Newfoundland and Labrador war and destruction in that House
merits ever placed before the public merely an lncid*nt ®r an odd little	jïïtVbîâûS” “ wae 80
I-rices arc such that it will be to i»te»di„g1 «ÏÏ,	IWS^BlSS^	Z	"
purchasers mteres. to consult me before placing their order SMSSÈÏS W	“sX'",!»! i SrNOM'* OF CAtiAD.AN
elsewhere. Nothing too large—nothing too small.	bYe »een the Strange vessel Steam, home. The dandy8floor for danc	NORTHWEST LAND
¦pBii*
£L** ‘hree wl,l,r* ««°- He was ; doetdr ha. promleed to come down” , *?**/?£• .	.
8PHHi
the afternoons agreeable for the con 1 valeeoent soldiers.
Sea
PHONE BELL
J. Ernest Caboury, LL. B.
ADVOCATE
BARRISTER A SOLICITOR
CAMPBELLS BAY, QUE.
O
N May 14, 1910, Weekly contained
an
Liberal com missions. Exclusive »oiy. Handsome free outfit full particulars.
terri Write for
a. w.
DALE practical tinsmith
Shawville, Que.
STONE AND WELLINGTON
Fonthill Numerics.) (Established 1KT7).
printed:
Ottawa. May 14
Will be in Fort Voulonge every Wed iiesday and Shawville every Saturday,
Why does Em-
TORONTO
ONTARIO.
GEORGE HYNES SHAWVILLE
MARBLE
AND GRANITE WORKS
^ATENTS
Embalmer and Funeral Director
Main Street,Shawville.
Personal attention.Ooen all hours.
T. SHORE
PROPRIETOR.
I
UNDERTAKING of this district,
HAYES A FINDLAY
main street
(opposite J. II. Shaw’».)
All culls will receive prompt personal attention.
SHAWVILLE
FENCING AND CEMETERY WORK A SPECIALITY
All Work Guaranteed Satisfactory.
W. J HAYES.
J. V. FINDLAY
in
NOTICE
To whom It may Concern,
Notice in hereby given to all parties having claims against the estate of the iatr Edward Brownlee, or of his wife, OTT EM ^ntly deceased that they are requested OJI ijU O Vjhw- the same with me within thirty days from the date of this notice.
Claims hutstaiiding after the said delay <>f thirty days will not tie recognized.
or.rwfng'toÜ.i"..'lutv'«^,'uimï|We are prepared to manufacture Silos of
*nto my hands within the haid delay of thirty days, or, in other hefore the 15th of January, 1916..
iMhdvofj Estimate# cheerfully furnished Consult us before placin
f #ÏOHN BROWNLEE,
Executor of the Estate.
on
SILOS
Encourage Home Production.
size, complete, ready for the Silage.

on certain
your order
Colts, Cattle and Sheep taken as cash in payment
NOTICE
£6	rai DONALD FRASER.
Bangs, and
half of ix)t* twenty-one and twenty-two 1* |v Sist Kiny of Thorne
A. A. ARMSTRONf
P. 3 —Wood, Timber and Lumber of all kinr
W. W. CORY. C. M. o..
Deputy of the Mini,1er oil he Inter!,
^Ji^ss^aesau1
for sale.
MRN FINAN
###PAGE###6###
î
II
L
will neither of ua tell Mm. Let him have this one summer without a cloud.
Remember, he cornea out next autumn, and it might shake him nerves, and spoil hia playing; and the first concerts mean ao much. There’s no reason why he should know. I—I don’t
îoe8 backP"i|nGemanvtern September; M08T DEAULY ENEMY 19 THE he won’t find out before then.” |	TUBERCLE BACILLI.
down and kissed her you like, mother
shall be our secret, yours and mine.”
CHAPTER IX.—(Cont’d). | “There is one thing I have to say !	maptfr y
# 5HEEEE SSëSÏH ' £ nSH&H £
‘.:,r	1-“= tr» e £	» stisuss %
..... V., 1	”,. V'.v!. fn! I sVVl deslre8> and to And, when she 1s him; his sweet and sunny nature could continue the struggle he must prove
von it would hn nrt iisp ”	• 1	'	old and weary, that the son she has not care for enjoyment which might himself the superior of his c"*"*»-» *
‘ On hU tw.Mitv n.xt birthd-iv T ick ^	^ out tof her body is different; not be shared with others, and he that H'"	is a "survival of the
a	r ?F FFF^'^ •	Mjarsrc : ™r,r ,'=% seres,
38&£h35r&sé	was & —	...
¦b™***
mm sus mm. §
IM** ssi WËËËvmÉ^m
He pulled his hand away from hers Sometimes he would notice Jack’s little lump found on that part of the tlu* unscen parasite of the typhus magnetic waves and detected their and went out hastily. Jack’s sudden haggard face. “You work too hard, i>0<|y attacked by the bacilli When fevcr which gains an entrance to the Presence m the ether by means ol a break down had set her heart throb- old fellow,” he would say. Once he fh hnrîlH nh, •_ ,, fnnthnld in the human body by leaving the louse. wirc hoop so broken that tho electri-’!"* with affright; it was ao unlike came up bchin.j h_m in the garden ami 1	The scourge can be driven out only by city »mrked across the g-ip.
3££&££= 2?;~~E
EFh/ÊJE-""1'^	ZZgfarrz
tho verandah door with his everyday Jack paused a moment, then look-	#	,	, , ,,	. trypanosome, gets into the blood and young Italian dreamer to jump across
fat e.	_	cd up with his grave smile. “A love ,	° l.a * .. ls. 8Ua 1 ... causes sleeping sickness, an almost in- the gap of years of scientific study
“Mother,” he said, “I’m going to tie trouble, do you think? Mv dear boy, ''hen meat is; well cooked or the milk curable disease. Scientists found that and make practical the most impor-
KEEFJSBp « EB— ¦' BS&Svs	* * ?«««
The next day he called on Prof es- The holidays over, Theo went back precious acid hydrochloric acid which m	are othtr germs tailed spir- Marconi that hcie was a principle
sor Brooks, and heard the details of to Germany. Helen had persisted in ,v . m l secretes	ilia which cause various diseases, but which should be applied to community e sentence with an unmoved face, keeping the truth from him. “But, t ‘ f .	,	!..	f . their ravages have been met with fair cation over great distances.
She might live a year, or even more, mother," Jack said at last; “he must an> 0	1 u* !an1,1 OI	M,s success by a powerful injection into The idea, as we look hack on it
the professor said, or perhaps only n know some time. Don't let it come ,hvv ar* olt,'n ca*JlHl* can10,lly uttavk the blood called saJvarsan, which is now, seems absurdly simple. Hertz few months; one could not tell much with a shock at the end. And-Ger- man when they find a place on the made largely of arsenic. The sys- detected a spark in a broken hoop a
1 ¦,........L mmm mrnrn	mmm
loes not kSî fi &T T s‘"' •'«luted.	the bad sight, from him. I-havo now ,a well controlled l,y acence, but A„ knowledge of the germ world duction coil, and aend out flashes in
Will break the :,.m nev at PaHs rnn*"’ “II d(,Pfn.ls. Perhaps not so muvh seen a person dying of cancer, and I "h,lh attacks wounds and is always a ,latPS from thp remarkable discoveries such a manner that the detector would
control?” Then he saw the little wards.”	J™81 lllntss- T . disease it tausts greatest living dangers man must they didn't. It remained for a young
sweat beads break out on Jack's “Afterwards—and you will go lone- has man>' names, including tertian fe- overcome in hia fight for existence forehead, and thought: “Poor lad!” ly this last winter.”	tor, ague and malaria. It-is usually I
The next week brought Theo, like “Not lonely, dear, when 1 have you.” known by the last name, which in the embodied sunshine; a creature ignor- “Oh, yes, you have me, of course; Italian language means “bad air.” It ant of death and grief. Helen hud hut I’m not Theo. Mother, you have ;* thought this name was given be-1
r’H 6JA tsrjss irsrsw ruKit r-r "	.-j-.r-;
never can grow up- ^w'mftve tq "" prepare<l to b“ met at the g"# juet "	depressing.	I
he a man for h;m, as well as for yourself. after-”
The sentence was hardly broken off; there was no need to finish it, Feeing that he had understood. He sat quite still for a moment; then looked up smiling, defiantly cheerful.
HOW SCIENCE MAY CONQUER DISEASE
FREE TO HOUSEWIVES
The Vicar’s Nephew ;
A bis 68 page Household Account Book, Calendar and Iteolpe Book combined! else 6x12 Inches, containing hundreds of the beet and latest recipes.
HOW TO GET YOUR COPY
Below are the names and addressee of twelve Arms. Select eleven of your beet friends and either have them write, or write a postcard yourself to each of these firme asking them to send "Hheparifs Housekeeper's Perfect Account Book" to the address supplied.
For Instance, supply your name and address to the first firm on the list, a friend's name and address to the second firm on the list and so on.
or The Orphan’s Vindication
Jack stooped s gravely. “As
It
IÎ
Write your postcards to-day before you forget
Abbey's Eff.
Law Union A
National Electric Heating Co. Toronto Building Coy 81 King St., East. Toronto.
¦ â Roy Co., 61» Kln< St. West. Toronto.
Music Specialty Co.. 36 Wellington Bt., East, Toronto.
Adame Leather Goode Co.. 300 Yonge Bt., Toronto*.^
Parker's Dye Works. 786 Tongs m.. Torn/Re.
Scholl Co., IX« King St, Bast, Toronto.
Thompson Furniture Co.. Belleville. Ont.
Man's Most Hideous Enemies, Often Invisible, Literally Seek to Devour Him.
Northrup ¦< Lyman, Toronto. M-n'"y e Stove Co., London. Hutton A Co., Montreal Dovercourt Land Cart wrlglit-Leith
Huit Co.. Toronto.
Rock Ins. Co.. Montreal
MoClary ¦ Stov James
Co., London, Ont
J
Since man found he must struggle for existence he has realized that to

HE IS ONLY 41 YEARS OLD
There the letter ended, with a curt: “Faithfully yours.”
For the summer vacation he went, as always, to Shanklin. Helen did not meet him on the platform, and he left the station with a sudden deepening of the grave lines round his mouth. He had been anxious for some time about her health; and he knew nothing short of illness would have Kent her in when he was coming.
She was in the sitting-room, the maid told him. lying on the sofa. She hud not been well lately, but had insisted on getting up to-day because he was coming. Going into the room softly, he found her asleep, and stood still, looking down at her. The lines deepened again about his mouth; she was more changed even that he had feared.
When she awoke, he kissed her without any sign of agitation, and began at once to talk of ordinary trifles. She looked at him a moment, covertly. and saw that he had understood. “He is doctor enough to see,” she thought; "it will he different with Theo.”
i am glad to have you alone for a
-he went
man, unknown and inexpert, to grasp the possibilities. He expected some one else to do it, he waited for some one else to do it. He did not know when it would be, for the surprising reason that to him the great scientists were unnamable. He was not acquainted with their work or ever their names—except Hertz’s. He wa; not an electrician. He had no academic or scientific degree. But gen ius burned within him, and he begat to experiment for himself. That was in December, 1894.
few days before be comes
There are several things want to talk over with you.”
“About Theo ?”
“Chiefly about him. He has not grown up as you have, dear; perhaps it is the penalty of his type of genius that the posses
I
on
THE USE OF EGGS
Investigation Shows Them to Be Most Widely Used Food.
f
There is no other single element of human diet of either animal or vegc-
by Ja^k only, and to find her on the "It would not he just for me to (;erm t arried b). Mosquito.
M*la when they reached the house. hamper his development. I have no	......
“Why, mummy, what do you mean	right to take him from his mûrie he-	The animal parasite, by eating up tat> v character which is, perhaps,
by falling ill the minute we go away ?	eause I happen to be dying: that is	the red cells of the blood, causes the more commonly used of man in a
Is it to provide Jack with an oppor-	for mothers whose sons have no	patient to become weak and pale For grvater variety of styles and ways,
1................ mmm mmm SEizf fppsf
genius,	if the	rest	of	us	are	to	hear	want to take you boating, you know	forehead.	always carried by the female ano- tll S °f eggs which are somewheie
any music.	It	was	kind	of the	fates	Wait, I’ve got something outside “Even I may thank God for that.”	pheles, a mosquito, who bites at night subjected to the dietary uses of man
not to curse me with it, as things that’ll make you well to look at.” i	(To be continued.)	and leaves the germ in her victim’s mU8t delude a range extending from
iMSr- i t r * T ,	,	, e fan out into the passage, then	bodv	the ostrich to the insect—must men-
in his. ~	y PUt “	1 nnnriaUon ,Tills "fining ’blth "Lrm'T	-*- The best way to drive the ano- tion ostrich turkey, goose, duck, gui- The Carpathian chain, from south
“In add tion to all other curses? and heaped them all over the sofa. * 1	pheles from the earth is to drain all ,l0,‘ °" * chicken seagull, murre, her- of Krakow to the Rumanian border,
You have brought blessings out of “Did you ever see such glorious THE SERBIAN TRAGEDY. low ground where it breeds and ex- on’ BCA **allow, many land birds, alli-
them for an old woman that loves ones ? I stopped at Havre on the	 *	terminate its offspring. This has	Ka*°r» turtle, terrapin, lizard, serpent,
you, my grave and reverend counsel- way, and the peasants were bringing	Lord Milner Says Britain	Did Not Act	been done in Panama and Suez and	fl»b n,ld cven msect.
* K pümf *|ay.a yuung woman will them in to market for the Madonna's	at Proper Time.	made possible the construction of the1 Where °8triches »r* raised as an
*¦**¦..
Of course not. It just happened out into the blossoming garden, and	nf Serbia I am prepared	to	maintain	is found that the filth fly also spreads	*e varieties, are highly prizes as a	far	as	Volocz,	in	Hungary¦
that one of the specialists you men- wondering how much more of this a	tw<) nronosition* On* i,	if ««	the bacillus which breeds typhoid, and	dlet ln mo8t of the countries and sec-	Should	the	Russians	ever succeed
KL.....-, „1 as?	=K	;	sresssrr*? c	f	»	2»	wra:
write about it. when you	were coming	sweeter than ever; you ought always	amount of	material assistance as	In this case the bacilli is known as	the	8turgvon eggs.antl shad ,ro<'	ore thc	out	and	Presents	difficult country for
TV0011*	to lie half buried in lilies.”	would have enabled her to have re- pneumococcus. It seems to live, with-	common instances of the use of a rapid advance.
m e	As he^ stooped to lift them Helen sisted the combined attacks of the out doing any harm, in the mouths of eggs as human diet; but the egp
mmm mmrnmw mm
I tDe while she raised	herself, and	a	deeper tone in her native	speech.	parations not having been made,	even	breeding, soon kills,
s o ne ! her »rm nb ut him.	Theo ran off laughing, his	arms full	#o when the	Greek crisis came	and	Bacillus Chokes Children
| M## I
J,,‘c be think——	I It is sacrilege to throw a cloud on *nto Sorbia, in conjunction with our , .	, . . . • * castically, “you medical men know so ticular soldier referred to, the reply
He wants to see you I told him him; he is Baldur the Beautiful. allie», as would not, indeed, have sav T?	7/ by producing a much about uncertainties of this received was:
Mscr^oainjr nn,l ho mijile an Jack was stooping to smooth her ed the country from invasion and ‘	Vk wor,d that 1 »bould think you would “Well, we can’t very well call him
Yes; it’s a hit rough on him, isn’t too
it?
WAR IN THE CARPATHIANS
Passes Which the Russians Endeavor
ed to Force.
runs a distance of 300 miles. In the north is Dukla Pass, by forcing which the Russians would clear the way to Barfa or Bartfeld, and the railway line leading through the important city of Kassa to Budapest.
Thirty miles southeast of Dukla lies Lupkow Pass, through which rung the railway from Przernysl, by way of Mezo Lamore, toward the Hungarian capital. Fifty miles southeast fc Lupkow is Uzsok, the strategic centre of the Carnathians tV*n comes the railway from Lemberg. Thirty-five miles to the south ^
Bosk id Pass, through which the Rus sians at one time had penetrated as
lor
He is not everlasting
P
Theo!
breath
h
%
l


Yt
t is cancer
Cl
I th

Awkward.
An amusing story was told by Mrs. E. Rennie, of Harrogate, England, ir. opening a bazaar at Eccleshill. A visitor to a hospital for soldiers was surprised to hear one the patients The famous physician and the emin- being addressed by the nurses by his ent clergyman were deep in a discus- Christian name, it being customary aion which threatened to become acri- to address patienta by their surnames
only. Upon inquiry as to why this “Do you see,” said the minister mar distinction was accorded to the par-
+
Doctor and Minister
D«>e

monious
i:#r

rfmesit f
k
itself h<*
I knew/ they we he;
little tremulous.
was the whelming answer, “his surname is Love, and
it s rather awkward-"
“You

i


###PAGE###7###
»
t
THEY ARE STURDY AND GOOD-NATURED
MEMORY IN GIRLS AND ROYS.
Varies, Says Japanese Investigator, According to Ages.
Dr. Sakaki, professor of the Medical College, of the Imperial Kyushu University, who is devoting himself to tests of the memory of children of inferior mental capacity, has published the result of his investigations.
As the basis of his researches the doctor has carried out experiments with the development of the faculty of memory in the case of 1,026 boys and girls of the Fukuoka normal schools and elementary schools 1908.
The result of the experiments made over 49,000 times during the first four years shows, says the East and West News, that in memory of figures the younger are superior to the older, and of the children between 8 and 13 years of age girls possess superior memory to boys, while with those r~ from 13 to 14 years of age the is quite the reverse, this latter fact being due to the change of mental and physical condition of boys and girls just entering the period of youth from childhood, as Dr. Sakaki thinks.
i;
T*
m
GIL LETT'S LYE
EATS DIRT




H
«
BRITISH ARMY NOT MADE UP OF RAGAMUFFINS.


Il
Vf
-mu c Ait
e*m
G
\ Correspondent of German Newspaper Describes a Visit to British Prisoners.

;
t
SEND FOR OUR PRICE
LIST OF
i
dm
&
m

pOWDt^D
Describing a visit to British prisoners recently captured by the Germans, Bernhard Kellermann the
Beautiful Musk Ox
ROBES
since
ii J
z
special correspondent in Flanders of the “Berliner Tagcblatt,” says:
Western Front, October. They had been captured in the British attack in Givenchy and Loos. The courtyard was full of them. The winding leggings (puttees)
1 und, rubbed between the hands, washed, and hung up to dry. With pocket-knives the crusted mud is scraped off the uniforms. One lusty fellow stands in his shirt, beating his clothes with a stick ¦¦¦¦¦HHI credit the amount of clay dust that can stick to a pair of breeches. And these men have sat in the mud of the trenches for weeks.
A couple of lanky Highlanders, in their short Scottish skirts (sic) standing at the water tap washing their bare legs. They had fought splendidly, the Scots, firing volleys from the erect position, and charging like demons. But it had availed them nothing. Only a few of them
L<+*
A
Lera Than IWf Usual Fr ees
!5us»“S
Most Suitable for Autos and
fJUU
An unusually fortunate purchase enables up to offer you h beautiful selection of MI’SK OX ROHES at prices less than half usual cost, one of these Rohes for sleigh or cutter would make an Ideal Christmas (lift They are a rich brown-black, with beautiful lustre and perfectly tanned. They arc unsurpassed for warmth, wear and appearance.
Makes a Luxurious Floor Bug for tho Home.
Write to-day for price list from the largest dealers in
Canada.
LAMONTAGNE, LIMITED
P. O. Box 1410.
338 Votre Dame St. West, MONTREAL.
Manufacturers of Quality Harness. Trunks. Bags. Etc.
Established 1869.
are un-
rangmg ! case
•I*
Barker and Performer.
The politician hollers loud To catch the notice of the crowd. The statesman labors sure and slow And tries to give us all a show.


No one would
/

Mlnard’u Liniment Cures Garget In Covi

R
O
K
LB
Monsieur :	INARMS — ALL SIZES — STOCK,
l or 15 day8 in the month of January S Grain. Dairy or Fruit. When y<>u I was suffering with nain of rheumatlwm want to buy. write H. W. Dawson, in the foot. I tried all kinds of remedies Brami Ont hut nothing did me any good One person told me about MINARD’H LINIMENT hh soon as I tried it the Saturday night
If any time I come to hear about any person sick of rheumatism. 1 could tell them about this remedy.
Yours truly.
,	,	ERNEST LEVKILLE
Hue Ontario East, Montreal.
•Feb. It. 1908.
are

st
FOR SALE
General Alexeieff, New Chief-of-Staff of Russian Armies
are
FOR SALE
'
here; the	rest—we can sec it	in the	a loud song: “It’s a long, long way	young of the insect-eating birds. The
eyes of	these survivors—lie	stark	to I ipperary”—and they are off.	result was that insects multiplied so
outside. All are busy at their clean- With quick, elastic step and swinging enormously that the last condition ing, without laughter, with scarce a arms they march—most of them nod- was worse than the first, and he is no spoken word—with the seriousness of ding to me as they pass—more like more in Jamaica, men who have nothing left to think athletics than like soldiers. Very He and the Jamaicans are not now about. One sees that they are habi- speedily they have accommodated on speaking terms, and he is not to tuated to cleanliness; that slovenli- themselves to their new conditions, be invited to any more islands where ness and	dirt arc hateful to	them;	if they walk into battle with the same	he may eat up enemies and then prey
that they set great store by their per-	swing as into captivity they are to	I on friends because he can find nothing
sonnl appearance. Yesterday—taken | be respected	else to eat.
in the battle—these English soldiers looked a dirty, ragged lot. To-day has been cleaning-up day, water and the razor have changed their ance
F
No
ERECTS. H HALT H V
STur K,
white or brown buck* $5. doe* less L. W. Murray. Marrow, Ont.

Atlantic
m
t
l)ROFlT-MAKL\G news and job
R. Offices nor sale In g >od Ontario towns. J he most useful and interesting
It is gratifying to know that our
men in khaki, who, according to Mr. P*ny- 73	Adelaide St. Toronto
Asquith, are now costing between £250 and £300 a head, receive their " pay with commendable promptitude, (J intern says the London Chronicle prolonged campaigns of former times Co our soldiers often received no pay for
and considered themselves
*11' THF LARGEST FIREPROOF RESORT* HOTEL Dl THE WORLD
The Spirit of America at play: Magnitude and Cheerfulness.
!
*
it
When Soldiers Were Not Paid

KISCrLLANEOUS
>'Vi-
TUMORS. LUMPS. ETC. Internal and external, cured with-
1. Write Dr. Heilman Medical Limited. Collin?wood. Ont.
But in India the mongoose is precious almost beyond price poisonous snakes kill every year over 20,000 of our fellow men.
In the eut pain by our home treatment
us before too late. T
How You May Throw
Away Your Glasses
There
¦	appear-
To-morrow they march off into captivity—their part of the contract finished
AMERICAN PLAN
years,
, lucky if they then procured a small part of what was due to them. In one of his dispatches, May 27, 1703, Marlborough complains of the great hardships suffered by a certain regiment to whom £5,500 was due, and pointed out that it would “much contribute to the service if some part of it were paid to enable the colonel the better to clothe his regiment and the officers to support themselves in the army/'
BOOK ON
-----*-----
I8TH CENTURY SEERS ON W AR
EUROPEAN PLAN
#
DOG DISEASES
And How to Feed
D B. White, Prem J. W. Mott, Mgr
Often have I seen French prisoners, three days after their capture, still in their rags and filth, sunken in misery, careless of their appearance. Their contract is never concluded.
wear ,,-eglu™™» wb<'"‘(lv iiu't",W/n°,'d i *n'on Against “Apostate Empire"
IX	^retold.
2nWhoXe^r W%:,LX.“''Zr The prophecies "bout the proTf for thpin»clvv8 that they <-Un din- war are taken from a book printed at
k;™,.w “rï5;aj' jss «is1, J,ur»L'" i858 ?,L‘,'ed„"A1.c,."”,ion
*~y •"«¦• M." f.«. s KÆS,Æarrnüa:„'rr .Sr.' p^~*,n"
liii ilia pip
immSm mmmmf
brave and tough, though whether they’ °tSlTj XT eXX,,* m',will^UrtftomThe North ? ha* i^reZl conl!mWy%nce"'thI
pees Hewimefl mm
maliSsfcSS®»
try. They are honest fellows, too. neumon* the latter name being de- . f .	„ UI?S and thanksgiving,
or 'wouldK,parefe°r £	^ """	j	aS,X^	B,^
=s=sssraasx ATr ®^BEEHE
EHBHB
the answer. But many of the soldiers ' He is found largely in Africa and , s	'	'™ no* cross their' Murtne Eye Remedy Company, Chlcase
after a little fencing with the ques- j India* especially in the latter country. fr°nt,5lri' l,u?, lhc foreigners will in-	-
tion, admitted they were not sorry it There he has achieved fame for his | vade,f ro™e:	W illing To Drop It.
5 HH'hlirS' ! SH;HrEr H-si EÉr-^S rlS sS it:
pspPpSIF
SSSrAiS is .V&siae£:&f^»-afJ=K
The majority of them did not be- weapon, but he is blessed with a as fo"OW8-lieve that compulsory military ser- greater alertness and speed than the vice would be adopted by England, snake.
and one of the non-coms, who would When the snake seeks to dart out mg fv ^y res,f,ttinve and she will even gladly have returned to the thick of his head and “strike” with his fangs , Palestine. England will de the fight, expressed himself ns op- the little mongoose deftly leaps ,	,to tht‘ ,v?.r,y end God» the Bible,
posed to the system. “What is the aside, and then, almost in the same free(,om and ,ife until the Pope will merit in fighting,” he argued, “if you movement, launches himself upon the cro.WI? Wlth ow” aande a Parsonage are forced into it?” Strange, this reptile and if his aim is good, as it and d^lare him Emperor of the Ro-
English point of view! And the usually is, he crushes the snake's skull '?an* and th*re sha11 ï>e then chance of the war? Most of them in his jaws. It is said that the fear- throuKhout the world."
lessness of the mongoose is one of his I
best weapons.	| Don't think because a man wears a . À. .
The mongoose and the dormouse large hat that he is the head of the n°l8e îhe,r ne,Khl>°*‘ 8 m»de are two of the things the venom of house.	^ Jones declared at breakfast that
s •	, ~  -----—-	:L"c
,h. ¦.rp.nt*. h..d, M- ,U„d. .m,	..l.d Mr..
that evening, “did you do anything about that wretched dog?”
Mr. Jones puffed out his chest with pride.
“Yes, I did,” he replied. “I told Brown that if he didn't put a stop to it I'd buy a piano and let both girls take lessons."
Mailed free to sny address by (be Author
¦ ¦ I- . H. CLAY GLOVER, V. S. Dog Rumedlfs I 118 W..t 31.1 Street, New York
NlAiiiiAtiOi
White
Wyandotte:
America's
Pioneer

“None Bettor.”
Winners at biggest shows. Cool cockerels $2, $3, $5 each. Catalog free.
Sturdy and Good-Natured
WINTER TERM OPENS JAN. 3RD.
z-xELLIOTT
MARSHALL & MARSHALL
Niocara Fills, Canada

nx. W

Mlnard's Liniment Cures Distemper.
Don’t think because a man offers an apology he really means it.
GOATS IN ENGLAND POPULAR.
Yonge and Charles Sts., Toronto
Demand for our Graduate# for lm#t four month# fully four time# our supply Calendar free. W. J. ELLIOTT. Principal
t
are
RACCOON
Revillon Ureres
134 McGILL STREET.
are manufacturers and can pay you best prices for furs of all kinds. Send for our price list.
MONTREAL
trOstful
SKUNK
There is Still Time to have a Victrola for the
Holidays
on a
Where there is a Victrola, there is Music, and where there is music there is always that entertainment and happiness so necessary to home and social life.
"Well, what do you propose to do about the case?” “We-11-11,” with
en trenches^'wil"again «ZÎfc/ulT ^‘wiiling to dro’XlasTn^Z
I'm concerned.”
$21
With
15 ten-inch Double-Sided Victor Records
<30 selection#) ><»ur own choir#
for this
Mlnard's Liniment Cures Diphtheria
Genuine
I>og Is Quiet Now.
Jones is a meek little man till he's roused ; then nothing stops him. The other night Mrs. Jones and he couldn't sleep a wink all night because of the
Victrola
peace
$34.50
firmly believe that Germany must exhaust herself; Kitchener could get as many soldiers as he wanted.
•*-
Victrola nr.
Other Victrolas $33.60 to $400. Write for a copy of our Musical Encyclopedia listing over 6000 Victor Records, including all standard and popular music on 10-inch, double-sided records as low as 90 cents for the two selections.
Any of "Hie Matter's Voice" dealer» will let you hear them. If there Is not one In your vicinity notify ns and we will that you are not disappointed for the holidays.
BERLINER GRAM-O-PHONE CO
601 Lenoir Street, Montreal
%
A l oud Song
on
lish officers are temporarily quarter ed. How long the war might last was a matter of indifference to them. One
year, two years, three years, if needs .	I J MM WÊM
he; England had money enough, men h* mav ,e	That is what
enough. The longer it lasted the bet-, we found in Jamaics- Great rats, ter England's chances. If we have monsters whi<h mi.*ht have broken not broken through this time we shall BWaV from the Pied Piper's charm, do it next time; if not this year, next were <‘tifing up all the sugar cane,
" As officers they could not well ruining the planters, imperilling the ¦¦spoken differently. Whether they fortunes of the islands. After other Relieved we should not allow them the experiments had been tried, mon-Jtime for this was a question which gooses were introduced. There fol-thev left unanswered.	| lowed a terrible time for the rats. In
Now the English soldiers are mus- three years not a rat was left in the Jered for transporation. They fell in i»land- But what was the mongoose with alacrity, their faces beaming to do then? With hi# feed supply ,Mth Joy at the prospects of • change gone, he must fend for himself, and Along their ranks a buzzing half-tone he gobbled up all the poultry in the i Is heard; presently It swells into island, all the useful animals, all the j ED. 7.
\
¦r
WDODDS
KIDNEY
SB
all
The mongoose is right where he is;
meagre
/
see
our
r
Limited
••


Her Family.
Modest Suitor—I have only $5,000 a year, sir; hut I think I can uppo your daughter on that, r Father (enthusiastically)—Support her. my dear boy. Why you can sup-ISSUE *>2—- IS port her entire family on it

i
1
3 THE?
New Aren fies Considered Where We Are Net Properl, Repr
nted
1
###PAGE###8###
I
Tie Seville Boot ail Sloe Store
AGRICULTURAL
LECTURES
r
I
OTTAWA
! WINTER FAIR

Hawick Hall - Ottawa JANUARY 18, 19, 20, 21, 1916.

Afternoon and Evening".
)
»
It is the old, old wish ;
A Merry Christmas and a Happy and Prosperous
New Year
That we send to all our Customers and Friends.
CHAPEAU, Monday, January 3,1916 SHAWVILLE, Tuesday, January 4, QUYON, Wednesday, January 5.
PROGRAMME
$16,000.00 in Prizes.
Prize list classification extended and
Prize Money increased.

I
5
EXCELLENT PROGRAMME OF LECTURES
ENTRIES CLOSE JANUARY 7th, 1916.
Reduced Rates on all Railroads.
PROF. BARTON,
Macdonald College, will speak on Live Stock
May I9K> bring to Canada Increased Prosperity and
peace.
Topics.
For Prize List and other particulars write to the Secy
MR. P. A. ROVING. B. S. A.,
W. D. JACKSON
JOHN BRIGHT,
Macdonald College will speak on Cereal Topics
j
Secretary, Carp.
President, Ottawa.
Secretary’s address will be Ottawa after Dec. 27th
MR. A. G. TAYLOR, B. S. A.
Macdonald College, will speak on Poultry Topics.
P. E. SMILEY.
I
For any further information apply to
GRADUATES - WILLIS COLLEGE
LOCAL NEWS.
J. K. KING,
A ill iving -now -torn) from tin south ea-t. la-t Thtir-duy. knocked out the pood -lcighing which many expected to enjoy on Christina* day.
Macdonald College Demonstrator,
SHAWVILLE.
are practically assured of immediate employment.
The high standard of this College, in Commercial and Civil Service training, has won the respect of the Employer.
WILLIS EMPLOYMENT DEPARTMENT
is always at the service of all Willis Graduates
Dressed Poultry
vould dr 'll*, y advise partie- t« .mil pluck dry .ill j«'sultry whirl
If not already fatten

•i mg t<* me.
1 tiny should lie |*ut in for 10 day nl finished, as there is too much j»on iff already on the market.
SHAWVILLE SASH AND DOOR FACTORY.
K. T. UuLH in-, Shaw
The Late Walter Palmer
R. G. HODGINS, Prop.
Marks l orner# highly esteemed resiii (»f Mr. Walter 1 aimer. M :. Palmer settled alter *j*enditi Leslie, facing
«11 111 deciding rcha^vd the tarn
I.î
1
t}« death
NO TIME IN TWO YEARS HAS THE OUTLOOK FOR WILLIS
GRADUATES BEEN SO GOOD.
AT
Manufacturer of and Dealer in

IUU A
Doors, Sash, Dressed
Lumber, etc.
Custom Sawing.
IT)
I

Bluet
hi** way int
¦Uhl hi< cheerful and welcome
The time is now * do not delay.
Send today for particulars.

1
lion made everyone fv !
It vainc a* a slunk t lit s», which a "Timed a


I
eh v< n days, terminating in I litiiic l<«st a valued c iv u win* coun^vllur.


ONTARIO.
OTTAWA
1
urn hi-
He

n


a tu mi cmmren, ant and one brother. < harl The funeral took )
A 1-1
there in tli
TAX NOTICE
«««.	Sum- ?£
Canadian and Australian soldiers, jRF„c 0f whew new book "In Pas-wlth a sprinkling of British Tern- turcs Given" has been the literary ¦ torials, in London a few ciFhis ago cvent 0f tbe season, is timely. Mr. ' took charge of Memorial Hall. ^ here McArthur, who Is the most d.’stln-• the Colon of Uemocrativ ontrol, guisbed of Canada's ‘Back-to-the-an organization which is opposed to Lenders." baa had a notable career conscription and favors peace, was ilteiature both in Britain and advertised to hold a meeting, and aC|0Sg the border. Hr brines real unceremoniously threw the speakers Citerai y grace am well as a piquant from the platform and turned the humor to a homely and absorbing gathering into a recruiting meeting. 'top|c:
The soldiers succeeded in gaining j admission with ticketo other than , j pjng nin apples of those circulated to the members of ,
Post-Office Issues Instructions re i the union
Soldier Gifts.
Wednesday., metvry. ; Methodist chun k a very


Town
n* op
n 1
1 I
m 11
! »!
X I
nn|irv»ivte mtvkv v\as voimiiicum o th< Hev. Mr. Ha-kins, livv. Carl AUnn and Gw. Mr. Nicholls. The luncra v.,.- very largely attended i-y near outside friends.
The lieicaved family wish to ex|»i
’ and thank* thought
How
¦
e January 1-t, 1
Infix .1. Vi

¦

I !
I

Lt ly-Liiith, 11
1U1
in
We extend to one and all
a very
Merry Christmas
the many friends who wvr* ful and kind to them, dur
vi I
HOW TO MAIL PACKAGES.
my eye
---	¦	j And I shall sing with all my might,
®nd forming themselves ;'0r around m . wingli ~’b, at the top of the staircase leading to the great hall and galleries forcibly took possession of the building.
asphyxiating
< uM
They tease ray sens*» with delight, My palate yearns! they c barra ray eight!
My lip» with longing overflow—
(Excuse me while 1 take a bite! ) The Apples of Ontario.
CAUTION
A misapprehension appears to exist In the minds of some persons as to the rates of postage chargeable on
[from pnnTa-ii.i: a promissory note in parcels addressed to soldiers on ser-one Dr. < >nlian I fall for the sum vice abroad.
of four humlml dollars, payable tin____________________________
tir-t we* k <*! January. IVlfl, at tin* Bank all parcels for overseas troops should (Ottawa, Fort < unhinge, a* I have not be addressed C a re of the Army
•....' '¦ " "" -..............
must necessarily apply. Such Is not the case, as a matter of fact, the Array Post-Office Is practically the clearing office for all mail matter intended for the troops. The mail is re-sorted there and despatched to the various units wherever located, and such address does not affect the rate of postage applicable.
On all parcels addressed to members of divisions with the British Expeditionary Force, whether in France. Belgium, anywhere on the continent. Egypt, or the Dardanelles, the French parcel-post rate applies.
It sometimes happens that the addressee may have returftgd to Britain	. inBf,
KÆir&ras»î‘«ss	¦ "" ----
ment, being desirous of facilitating in every way the transmission of mail
intended for the troops, have in-	tlowing-Po«t Office*,
structed that in such cases -parcels Rura, roalj deliveries in Ontario may be accepted at the British rate, . rfgulted In the closing of 1,100 at the risk of the senders, but Lave Bmaj, { offlreB |D this Province In strongly recommended that in case . Iaet three years, of ubt, or I" lity of the address# being with the Expeditionary Forces on the Continent or where, that the French parcel post
rate be paid.
Bombs containing
were launched, and then the

i any
)

I gases	¦_____¦ ¦
soldiers took the platform by storm. I Several of the speakers, Including E. D. Morel ,tbe leader of lh# union, ‘sought refuge in an ante-room,
! did the women who were distributive promoters of the
fa
It is thought by some that because
From Aslrncban to Northern Spy,
Alike they rouse my appetite
As they were wont in da>» gone by.
When hearts were bold and fingers I light :
Whtu barefoot pirates sought at nlgM
The orchards where they used to
¦
And filled their shirts ere put to flight—
The Apples of Ontario.
Superb in dumplings! prime In pie!
When baked they'd tempt an an'
Supreme in "mass," good even dry,
But ripe and mellow, peerless
1 know, good friends, it is not i igbt
Of me to tantalise you so!
If you're without—I mourn your
plight—
The Apples of Ontario.
ENVOI.
Prince, do not heed the words of spite
Or slurs that envious rivals throw 1
We have them free from scab and blight.
The Apples of Ontario!
Especially around Glencoe!
as
%
and a Happy
ing leaflets meeting were thrown from the platform with the furniture, to which
tt dung.
The soldiers took the places of the speakers and passed a resolution demanding that the activities of the union should be stopped, and declaring that the only terras of peace acceptable to the Allies were those which should be dictated aftei complete defeat of Germany.
It was all over in twenty minutes, after which the soldiers and # M friends carried on the proceedings in
their own way.
Finally they formed a column and marched through the streets singing

not pay it
XLKXANDKIÎ IT TT
and Prosperous
>\rt t
loi VC, Dec. t'l. 1015

FOR SALE
New Year.

I Holuteln Hull 1} year^
Ram I
I Ac* '! Shropshire Ram «registered*.
Apply to JOS. BROWNLEE.
ShawvlHe R. R. Xo. i
Id.
the
their
ARCHIE DOVER


Custom Sawing.
ed. and answered their own question with a stentorian • No! '*
Having made arrangement* with H. T. Argue, I wi-h the people of thi» district to know I will have charge of hi* *aw
mill for the winter month*, and am in a position to do cii*toin rawing of nil kind*.

I a nmli» s Forests
The area of Canada's forests Is *lgre than double all of Europe’s.
Herbert Strutt.

