###PAGE###1###

O
No. ‘Jo, 33rd Year.
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC
COUNTY, QUE., THURSDAY, DEC
M. 1015.
*1.00 A YEAR IN ADVANCE.
The Bank of Ottawa
!8
T^e Merchants Banl^ of Canada
THE HARDWARE STORE'!
!
ESTABLISHED 1874
Head Office : - Ottawa, Canada.
$ 4,000,000 4,978.290 60,000,000
Established 1864
OFFICERS J
Sir U. Montagu Allan
• •• K, W. liLAfKWLLJ.
..	.. E. F. Hem den
Capital Paid Up
Rest and Undivided Profits
Total Assets over •
>
PRESIDENT .. . VICE-PRESIDENT GEN, MANAGER

Follow the crowd of satisfied shoppers to oui
will find a complete stock of Fresh Iligh-( lass Groceries—everything necessary for the holiday trade.
Paid up Capital .
Reserve Fund and Undivided Profits Total Assets..............
Board ol Directors %
.. $7,000,000 . .. 7,L>45,140 .	86,190,400
2 J9 Branches and Agencies in Canada-
A SAVINGS BANK ACCOUNT
Grocery Department where you
• •
HON. GEORGE BRYSON,
President
JOHN B. FRASER,
Vice-President
SIR HENRY N. BATE, RUSSELL BLACKBURN, SIR HENRY K. EGAN,
DAVID MACLAREN,
DENIS MURPHY,
HON. SIR GEORGE H. PHRLEY, E. C. WHITNEY.
GEORGE BURN, General Manager

Of One Dollar and upwards draws Interest
at best current rates
Branches at Shawville and Qnyon
HARDWARE
w. F. DRUM A. A. REID
Acting Manager, Shawville Acting Manager, Quyon.
Fort Coulonge Branch ¦ J. A. McLATCHIB. Manager.
Campbells Bay Branch - R. LEGER, Manager.
Portage da Fort Branch . A. H. MULHERN, Manager.
Wc ray highest price for hides, sheep I In our last week's list of contri
| SHORTHAND SCHOOL
Btt*!   -23 *11 """-	sWUWarW. «
—Dec. 25, under the auspices of Several members of n v r °°Vhses-	Canada has never been equaled,
the >»ung people of the church. having joined the colors the other UJ '* [ER TERM optns Monday, Jan j	facls i"dlcate undoubted
«™s» *sr. I mÿtinrr, tt.e
Studio, King Si.
Don f forget that in the Hardware Store you will find any number of articles suitable for Holiday Gifts—something good and satisfying.
"i Results—Not Claims
HENRY’S
Come in, we can help you over your Holiday Buying.


J. H. SHAW.
s
you
W. E. Gowmnc President.
I). E. HENRY, President.
ror. Bank and Sparks Sts
H. G, W. Braithwait Principal.
W. A. HODGINS
A Christmas Tree will be held in * owder*, Greeting Cards, Tripods— p. in. Admission 25 and 15 cent-t )u* hall at Murrells, on Thursday everything the «Mtrur r*quires,
evening, 1 >ce. 23rd. beginning at U.M c,|laW from mr negatives 7.30 p. m. A good program will be xiie* Ht a imderate price. Î given. Ail mission, adults Si cts ; | Studio {¦¦¦¦	¦¦¦
e hi kir en 15rts. Everybody welcome.
Iff	BUSINESS	—
WILLIS COLLED F
II Imiwn'H I w'«.h every dozen until further notice,	civil service ¦
to day. H. Imison’s Studio, King St.	Catalogue on request.
• --- I N. I. HARRISON, Principal.
Cor. Bank and Albert Sts.,
OTTAWA, ONT.
Let
Don t. forget
All
SHAWVILLE
»
ai
=5gl£i!II=ÈE=b3F--
a score of yearn, sends one dollar to be applied to tin* Canadian To-baceo Fund, and ho|>es for the success of our boys at the front and their safe return.
XMAS. 1915
Dressed Poultry	i
Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Welch ar-l , 1 WouJ,i Wrongly advise ;*rti,» to rived in town ta*t week, and in. dretw and pluck dry all poultry which tend remaining for a time.	t,,e.v bring to me. If not already fatten- _
Mr. Manson Wilson, of Eburne, M ,,m>; ^hould |x* put in for 10 days |
B. C., after enjoying a short visit An< ^inaned, as there is teo much among relatives here, returned alnady on the market.
FFeFV'SftmS SnS.lM&SïyTSi h,r I 1 r- ........................................ *......
tor tolweeo tor our soldiers, will cured at the Central Exp. Farm	—	---
by and bye receive |*>st card nc- Ottawa.	Birtfc*
know ledgroents from some Cana-	----------
hnqulre at Post Officr
We invite you to our store. You will find our lines of General Goods quite full. Our Grocery Department is well stocked with choice lines of Xmas. Goods, and customers can depend on right quality and prices.
Our Men’s Department is stocked with serviceable lines
TIES. SUSPENDERS, GLOVES, HDKFS-, etc.
NOTICE T< I TRAPPERS—We went
5600 bed Foxes within the next two week*. Highest prices paid in cash.
A. Dover.
poor
HAY FOR SALE—Pressed Hay. Apply to H. T. McDowell, Shawvillc
servant eye
The County Council, at its De-,	_ ... a ,
veinb<‘r session held in Bryson last .."e (,uikl bale on Saturday week, decided by a vote of eleven afternoon was very successful.
to eight, to submit a by-law to the AM the eatahles supplied, and Local events of the pa»t week Municipal elec torn of the County, ,ie*yy all the useful and fancy include the decease, at the are
Voting on the by law will likely Thk is the week to do your I !thi£h, «««urred at midnight
<1( ivatod Uie St ott act in 1887, and |	_ which was borne with great	" “   
zzrauh:	% s rsrafsss sirs
everywhere it was tried. Temper- “e,d	Wednesday evening, the transition from thi* world of App,y 10 * Rs* w* f,ndlay. McKee,
aoce aenti ruent, however, seems to Dee. J2nd. Loud program. Ad- trials and tears to a safe anchor- ______
....1
mm## gsr
dition to those whose names were Executive- Dr. </’H*ra W V ?2<îûh the Mn**e**lo*J N\'hi<;h follow- ( CONCRETE CULVERTS, PIPES AND mentioned last week, we in list in- Maitland	’ * cd the remains to their last rest-1 curbings for well» wold at Works
matttms
sssar’ftssssFesseaë saassss -r-n™ i
I	k	I W.U> repo,, tb. il.-ntli
—•-«.wuM.s^rar;X™s:;
»®e*|ii 1
d.,u,w ,»	..... .. u‘“l*,ll-FJiftjBgLt!'—*-
Deaths

a™.s^,n*
Children’s Goods..
Large table of special lines for the little
Mouth Organs Knives Watches Whistles Checker Boards Dust Pans Tea Sets Baskets, etc.
on
ones.
A Good Line of Books-Picture Books,
Anglican Prayers and Hymns Presbyterian Hymns,
etc.
Methodist Hymns
KOÎ18
For the Ladies.
Hand Bags Mirrors Collars
Handkerchiefs
Perfumes Gloves Barrettes Fancy Ribbons
wm. holmuxs
etc., etc.
Injurious Report Denied
We extend our BEST WISBES for a Glad
Xmas, and a Happy New Year to all Customers.
our
Thun
W. A. HODGINS
Moi

###PAGE###2###
RECEIVES HONORS , FROM THE CZAR;
They wear solar toupees, but they have not the respect for the sun which the experienced possess. When rebuked they are apt to reply cheerfully that they will he all right when they are tanned a bit. “Why, these Terriers,u an astonished regular who was on his way to the front exclaimed, “go down to the bazaars in the middle of the day and buy-aw-ban-anas!" That is almost as though a , Canadian should go down-town in j f.M.C.A. Workers Help in Increasing middlc of February and order ice (
before breakfast. They spend
CROUP OF BRITISH PRISONERS IN GERMAN CAMP
INDIA WILL BE HELPED BY WAR
tm






^ppl#

y#
POPULAR^
%#2
t
RUSSIA'S PREMIER IS
AMONG POLES
4 '
¦HH
tiUmsil SOLDIERS W ILl.SVREAD
KNOWLEDGE.






*Vv-V
m i


He I* Seventy-five Years of Age,
Thoroughly Honest and Just.


Understanding Between Britain
and India.
cream
their money in curios, which are «>f-
in prive only, and on Consequently they save little.

rJ
ten genuine foot!
V'
News from Petrograd announce that Premier Ivan Longinovitch G or/ cmykin of Russia was shortly to be appointed Chancellor of the Empire, with supreme control of foreign affairs, an office that has not been filled since 188.1. This is the second mark of unusual favor best^ed by the Czar upon Goremykin in the last few months, he having made him a member of the Order of St. Andrew in HHH] honor rarely conferred
statesman in office, and the
the
m
At the beginning of the wai alarmists found an old, yet ever new subject in the State of India, was denuded of regular troops unrest there would speedily culminate in another mutiny.
patient service, all the lives which Britain had spent in the East would
India would be lost to the
%

Y.M.C.A. Work


»
¦>/%
/
India


A .story is told of one green private j who went to his colonel. “1 want to

/
The

C
he
give you two weeks notice, sir
1 must resign.” The colonel, who was I stout and of uncertain temper, will probably never be the same again.
Empire.	The men have had their grievances,
They failed to consider several as- , 0f C0UVSCi The question of their pay 1 pccts of the other side of the ques- and (lf their food was discussed in tion. There was an enthusiasm for England. The Marquis of Crewe helping in the war, an unprecedented gravely informed the House that the loyalty to the Crown manifested by men would never find Indian beef the Indians themselves. Indian troops and mutton equal to the English went to fight at the front side by side nu,at. All of which is doubtless sad-with British regulars and the sol- jy (me. However, conditions have diers from the colonies, thousands been much improved of late, and com-of Teritorials came to India to take plaints are few.
the place of the men who had gone The Terriers have been strangers to Europe or to the Persian Gulf. So in a Grange land, and many people
far from India drifting or breaking haxe taken them in. The Y.M.C.A., 'WHERE MOMENTOUS away from the Empire, the presence however, has done excellent work in I of the new troops is proving a potent many different stations. Rooms have factor in binding her more closely to ¦ Been opened where the men can Britain.	1 write letters or rend or play billiards, |
The majority of the Territorials are ||Bten to lectures, or attend services. No Access to the Room or Its Pro men to whom, in the ordinary course The secretaries have been untiring in
of *V*nts I,1,iia wouU1 h;Ve ,,v,‘n.lit* their efforts to provide a wholesome	silence till thev close once more,
tie more than a name. l ew of them social life for the men. Their chief	lk,n*	The room itself is oblong—about 30
would have entered her civil or mill- grievance now is that they are not at „A meeting of the Cabinet was held feet long by 20 in breadth-with the tary service, hewer still would haxe the front. ^ et they are doing their veaterdav
visited her as tourists, lmlia would i,it in India during the war. und it is jh(.	Kingdom have there been centre |
have continued to be an interest for by no means an unimportant hit. ^	Cabinet meetings held in so an armchair. It is the only one with
choleric retired colonels affected with \M,en the war is over and Tommy ghort a	of tim(. as there have the dignity of arms, and is the chair
livers and for certain Lords m t.oun- comes marching home they may still heen (|urj ,he ,ast ,4 months. Usu-'of the Prime Minister. On the tat,le vil. he great national upheaval	continue	todo their bit for	their	a ^ f	with which the	| in front of each chair are	arranged
caused by the war however, has sent	country. They have it in their power	ubj meets	(le	ls a good deal	blotting pad, pens, a silver	inkstand,
to this country thousands of men to bring about a closer relation and	,he rtilllity of a British and note paper. The legend that Lord
drawn from all grades of soviet).	a better	understanding between	Brit	Mjnistcr for th(im	Ml, Asquith ha.	Beaeonsfield introduced black blot-
from all sorts of occupations.	am and	her mighty Umpire of	the	a,w#yg h#(1 a	Waning toward them.	: ting paper into the Council	chamber
Even upon the most insular and hast.	A. j Ba|four ha(i no special love for in order to guard against the possi-
______*________
sion cannot but be great. They	more of them than he could possibly blotted on it was invented some years
mingle in the teeming life of the ba-	A	ELDORADO.	help.	| back by an ingenious journalist, and
zauis. They see something of the	---- i .«A Cabinet meeting? What’s the was quoted far and wide on the con-
wonders <>t	irrigation in a count t>	Bjc|,	AI lux ial	Gold Deposits Dis-	good of a Cabinet meeting?”	he ex-	tinent as another instance	of the j *n
whose	very	life depends upon the	covered	in Colombia.	ploded to one member of	his	Govern-	statesman’s extraordinary astuteness
monsoons and the annual rainfalls.,	.	_	...	. ment who suggested that it was time It is not, however, correct.
Those with a taste for literature have In the South American Republic of ^ was held	|	| I ¦	*¦¦¦ ¦¦¦
the opportunity of searching old re- Colombia is situated the richest alia- Buf the circumstances ot those times
cords of the Mutiny and of the days vial gold deposits discovered m re-	render the mo<t autocratic Min- The easiest way to guard against	,	-
of the	East	India Company: Luck-	cent	year*. In	the far-off days ot J anxi0us to seek th< l	of his	pa per revealing secrets I» to	burn the	Downing	Street	will	eüently open,	bring	into	exists	nà	to	.ugu-
and Cawnporv become	Drake	and Hawkins, this region yield-	.	' Ministers’ advice	and	so the 'paper, and each Minister is	expected	and	there xvill	emerge	the	rathvi so	i-	ra|* the first	Duma,	and retiring some
real. Those with an interest in poli- ed vast treasure to the intrepid Eng- .	‘ mveti‘ huvc followed one ' to see that every scrap of paper of tary-looking figure of the British ,2 Months later, he enjoys the die-
tics and constitutional development lish navigators whose Mecca was ever j .	. jf	• ei. since possible tell-tale paper he has used is Premier, starting forth on » walk Unction, somewhat rare among high
take an active interest in the prob- the Spanish Main.	, evening in August 1914 when ' destroyed before he leaves the cham- alone through hushed and < ai ci,v< Hussiari officials, of never having had
lems of Government. The desire for It was Drake who, crossing the ,	"cabim-t gathered in h*r- Tearing up the paper into the Whitehall. Mr. Asquith on such occa- any altempt made upon his life,
autonomy, the spread of education, Isthmus of Panama, in 1572, was the	.	.. p..jr \i|n. minutest fragments is not sufficient, sions will he so a isorbed in his The fact of the matter is that he
the administration of the land rev- first Englishman to cast eyes on the ,	:	residence in Downing The fragments might be pie.ced to- thoughts as to be totally unconscious known by political friends and foe
enuc, the development of co-opera- Pacific.	St iwt to xvait anxiously counting the . isether. There is a special apparatus of his surroundings.	to be a thoroughly honest and just»
five credit organizations, the good The greater portion of the 1,000,-	.	. .	.	* a . divided *n which papers can be incinerated.	*om Richards, M l ., the YVelsh _ man, with a profound respect loi the
ami bad points of British rule, all 000 inhabitants who people Colombia	..	To make assurance doubly sure—for miners secretary, is, as he needs to |tiW 0f the land, as being the first
are ever ôpen—for their consideration, at the present time are descendants,	even Cabinet Ministers are frequently *‘v« a man of great tact, with a sauxe, ,u|c fol. the guidance ol the highest,
All phases of Indian life, in fact of the followers of those romantic was the evening of August 4, and i care,e8s individuals—the chamber is ea8Y manner that makes him many a* wep a9 for the humblest, of Bus-present themselves to men now in adventurers, Almagro, Cortes, and unless the German reply to Bruimiis i	immediately it is vacated by friends and few enemies. His post- 8jan citizens, and as having devoted
the ranks in India. By virtue of the Pizarro, the Spanish Conquistadores ultimatum were received by	1. special guardians.	tion with men with such ingrained ob- must of his energies in and out of of-
heterogeneous nature of their ranks who subdued the natives of South o\-!ock the food gates of war would, ^ eedi are opened hy thc stinacy in their nature as the Welsh flce during the last half century to-they are less hampered by the class America and ruled them with a rod '*e ,‘*t*se**- M'H'ons of lives must de- ^ ^jnisU.,. *ho iePflv states th(, miners is always a difficult one, but wal.,,K tht. improvement of the lot of caste spirit than the regular military <>f iron till the coming of Drake and fend upon the result of those few ,	^ the meeti aml , enUesta !that fact never ruffleH hl*	the Rllssilln Peaeantry, which repre-
rlasses in India. They are what an the other great English sailors.	, moment«. Never, perhaps, had But , ^ Ministe|. in charge of the ,|t._ ! He believes in the men, and, with few senU 95 per cent, of the population
===:— : jpgsg	ÏÏM&M llSSiH:- -
elsewhere.	satisfactory, or merely one of those	.. .	.	.	• tv ing wounded heroes. She had the idea has studied their lives and interests at
At the beginning of any work of evasive political utterances in the 81	'	. Members have Ike other day of giving hospitality to first hand, and nearly all the laws en-
cathing. These men have right of importance a religious ceremony is al- manufacture of which Germany had j 0 v ,	in thé Honte Mr a hundred wounded sailors, but, as acted in their 'behalf in the present
franchise. Indian questions hence- ways held, and at the launch of the proved herself so skilled'.’ Hearts,® K	Balfour tail deal K^e could not find this number in Lon- reign and in those of Alexander III.
forth will have a real interest for dredge of the Nechi Mines, Ltd., a beat faster and faster as the hands 1 ^	¦ubiect at unv length with <l°n» **he made up with wounded Tom- and Alexander II. bear thc impress of
They will view them from a	, company controlled in London, which of the	clock	moved on. At last,	(	. *	. j* . .	“sncechifvinir ” mies< R.v the way, the popular come-	his expert and sympathetic knowl-
very different standpoint than have took place not long ago, the dredge through the darkness of thc night ^	1 P	Edward Grev <lienne wearing a wonderful loaf- edge in the matter,
the military or Government officials was blessed hy the priest in attend- outside, there came through the open | 1	•	f	J	' Û ’ shaped hat, trimmed with a gorgeous
or the arm-chair philosophers who a nee, as xvas also the first bucket of windows the boom of Big Ben tolling	‘naturallv in these days occupied hird of P aradise.
énmg rriir;; SaiSuX rh, e..,» ,hr »ri,i.h >».	>¦-. & T-k,.,, lhe he ^	x„ v„„,in
¦***
rnl promptly name,I an exorbitant ,._,hl)0rho(Kt ,,f the eamp ami won "ms, of course of the came.a fiend	he aa.lresse.l them
I eel. by the score from places where!0" \he" T* 10 *nd	' for three houk, wa, astounded to
Well, how much is that, anyway ?” the white man never dreamed there *y*d dctettixes «11 e exer x igi an ia	how late it was and dismissed
.lieutenant helplessly replied. wae any edible wealth at all.	n ‘ photograph of Ministers as ey them wjth many expressions of grati- .	,	. .	...	.
When a man is ignorant of the coin- The ability of the sturdy Maori re- «dually	enter	or leave a a »mc	for the helpful opinions he had us* hut it is quite simple to open the
age of a country he is an easy prey, cruits to assimilate comestibles is a meeting shall be taken.	heard	lining of a coat or waistcoat—the lat-
The bargain was concluded and the constant source of wonder to his pale The ideu« P*™*?*' 18 that thv cou,,V I	'	ler for preference- and carefully inlieutenant went away with a satisfied brethren.	enanees of Ministers are nut suf-	.	sert and stitch in, hack and front, a
?mile. He had the light of romance The camp rations are admittedly ^itnt\y sphinx like for them not to	,	T	paper lining. The effect is really ex
In his eye. Perhaps he had read generous and sufficient in their way, betray something < f whethei the ECONOMIC PRESSURE FAILS. traordinary.
tales of faithful turbaned servitors, hut the canteen is a pleasure resort, meeting has l»een a pleasant or a	___ In the coldest weather an overcoat in t^e undoing of the Huns
He may have pictured himself as the and is patronized as such. Supper is disagreeable one. It m ivp#.ite« 1 at	End War Before Military Ef- '* qUl,l<* ulnnet e^?a‘y ; }n. factf wou,<l many's astonishing powers of organ!
master of such a I rearer as Lord an institution, not a meal. Here is agents of the Teutons have sought to.	reeded	1 ** a burden. The soldiers’ shirts are nation are enabling her to prepare
Rulrerts had in hia early years in one warrior's effort at R.30 p.m.: Two surreptitiously snapshot Ministers on	•	| made «,f special paper—mulberry-tree during the war for the resumption of
Indio. Once in the midst of a hot bottles of raspberry, a tin of sardines *uch occasions, presumably in the That frequently discussed question, bark; but brown paper of medium her commercial activities the moment * battle he came calmly and announc-	and a big lobster.	This is a typical	hope	of gleaning	something 'M>m	“Can Germany be starved out? and	thick ness and softness does quite well	peace is at hand^ German warehouses
ed. “Your bath is ready, sir.” By	the	instance, and yet	every one is up,	their	expressions.	Certainly, mGer-	the effect of sea power and economic	or even ordinary newspaper. A per-	are fup to overflowing with manufac-
time some Anglo-Indian could tell	the	merry and bright,	for physical drill	man	papers there have appeared al-	pressure, is the subject of an irtkle	son extremely susceptible to colds	tured good* Gf all kinds destined for
lieutenant he had been fleeced	the	at half-past six in	the morning.	leged	photographs	of Mr. Asquith,	,iy Admiral Sir Cyprian Bridge, G.C.	and chills would, if he “papered” him-	the British market#. By every means
servant probably had earned and	-------*------- Lord Kitchener, Winston Churchill g in the Pall Mall Gazette.	j self, und ate three lumps of sugar jn her power, by cunning, by fraud,
¦¦¦	¦ ¦¦¦¦¦	Their Lime-Juice Ration.	while he was still chief of the Ad- The fact is,” he writes, “that ecu- daily, which supplies energy and and deceit, Germany will endeavor to
Whenever	nossible British	soldiers	m irait y—and	others leaving an alleg-	nomic pressure never has ended	a	warmth, be practically immune from	regain her profitable trade with the
active	service	are served with	a	** Cabinet council with countenances	great war. It probably would do	ao	winter ailments.	British Empire, and she will succeed
of the most	woebegone description.	contjnued long enough, but its oper-	A bed quik made of paper, and cov-	unless the womeh of Britain and of
The picture*	were faked productions.	atjon is very *low. H operates	so	ered with anyf heap material, such as	the Overseas Dominions band them-
World-sffecting Secrets.	slowly that military action finishes cretonne, would give more warmth selves together to prevent her. The
than the heaviest quilt ef - meet expensive eiderdown. So “pepering” is

\lt the years of
l cannot live on my pay aiul
BABB
'
¦ A


i
he wasted


.t
!
1


August, an
upon any —jbs.	m j
Muscovite counterpart of the British
Order of the Garter.
Goremykin, who hails from the Province of Novogorod, where his ancestors have been territorial mag-Prominent nates for many generations, is in his
75th year, and when in 1913 he was, ¦¦¦¦	on thc retirement ef Count Kokovt-
Mr. Selfridge, that prince of Lon- 80ff| appointed to the office of Pre-don merchants, is happy to think that mjelf jt was generally understood no fewer than 530 of his employees that his tenure thereof would be of have gone to the war. All things be- a very Brief and purely temporary ing equal, they are to be given prefer- character, pending the restoration to for promotion on their return. health of Minister of Agriculture While he was recently in the North Krivoshein, who was universally de-of England Sir Herbert Tree visited gjgnated by court gossip and political some war factories. The sight of the and Administrative report, as chosen men perched on the top of the huge the Czar to bead the Government, machinery reminded him, he said, of so many apes in a wonderful forest — rather a striking simile.
Tlilw picture, taken in a Derman detention vamp, utliow.* a nimtlier of Hellish «old 1er* taken prisoner^ near
rtiey were awaiting Kldpnn nt to a Derman prUon station and hiok milieu and iinliapp).
Y|»rc*
PERSONAL CHAT
covered table around which the Ministers sit in their dark green morocco-lined mahogany chairs?
But access to that room or to its precincts there is none while a Cabinet Council is being held. The approaches to it are well guarded by DISCI'S-| trustworthy attendants reinforced by
special detectives. The chamber is fitted with double doors, through which no sound can penetrate, and a signal announces the arrival of the late member. As the doors are flung aside for him to enter there is dead
WHEN BRITAIN’S
CABINET MEETS
\botit Some People.
Gleanings
SKINS TAKE PLACE
ence
i
rinds While a Council
Has Sound Judgment
Two years have elapsed since then.
Since he took over the Exchequer, Krivoahein has now resigned from the Mr. McKenna has attained a popular- Department of Agriculture, while ity for which he could scarcely have Goremykin continues at the helm of hoped. He has proved himself most the ship of State as Premier, despite approachable, and influential foreign his age, and it is because he has visitors to London have found no dif- s)10Wn himself so indefatigunble, so Acuity in seeing him, once proof were resourceful and possessed of so much forthcoming that their business with 80un(j judgment, since thc beginning the Chancellor was really serious
Never in the history of green-covered table occupying the
In the middle of one side is
of the present war. which has The death "f a well-known English ei\ Russia in the greatest crisis of her gambler, Charles Kingston, who help- history, that he is to be again honored to break the bank of Monte Carlo ed hy his Sovereign, six times on a system, reminds one of Although he has been a servant of the experiment carried out in a room the State for 55 years, ever since he Piccadilly by Lord Rosslyn to entered the Government service in prove that a s\>tvm hi hud invented was bound to win, but, as it happened, 0f the Senate, and has held office for this adventurous peer’s optimism was five years ns Minister of the Interior, scarcely borne out
Some evenings the door of No. 10	a* Premier, helping as such to
Lord Salisbury never wanted bility of the paper revealing secrets
assistant in the law office
as an
Nonsense!

Members Who Are Popular
afterwards succeeding Count Witte in
now. Delhi
In Touch With the Peasants
Fhe Terriers' Troubles
The effect cannot fail to he far
them
He is a most amiable-looking old gentleman, with long white side whiskers and moustache, with still plenty of hair on his head, with a most paternal and kindly manner, and who has Wen accompanying the C’zar in all the latter’s visits to the front, and in his progresses through-It is stated that in preparation for out the land without showing the the rigorous Russian winter the slightest sign of fatigue.
Czar’s armies are being supplied with He is particularly well liked and
+
PAPER CLOTHING
XX eather
he had for1 P”l>er *h*rts, following the custom trusted by the Poles, especially by
set by the clever Japanese in the the Poles of the lower classes, hav-' Manchurian campaign
We might as civilians, do worse number of years in Poland, engag* I than paper ourselves into warmth, in devising those peasant reforms | Paper is a bad conductor of heat, and which put an end to the discontent of prevents thc loss of body warmth. It the masses, and that contributed sc 1 stops, too, the entrance of the cold, much to reconcile the Poles to Russian outside air, and if of good texture rule will repel any winds or draughts.
Paper shirts may not be available for
ing spent in his younger days a
sum in rupees
the
BUY NOTHING GERMAN
Women of the British Empire Can De
Much.
Too much stress cannot be laid on the important part women can play
¦¦¦
stolen sufficient to keep him and "hi# family members’* in luxury for the rest of their days.


The men are keen to see the sights. They wander in the crowded bazaars like small hoys at a circus Tommy saw a mule for the first
time
weekly ration of lime-juice, to prevent
It is not the more-or less
One 1 *wert lime-juice cordial known to the
public, but the raw material, sour What momentous discussions have the contest before the economic pres enough to turn the edge of a cold , taken place In that awe-inspiring sort forces one side t«> give in. is chisel. Treacle and golden syrup are	room, and how much would some of	Admiral Bridge says the European	not	only	warm,	but	economical
also excellent for preventing men	the enemies of Britain give for the	conflict has evolved no novelties in	taper	yourself,	therefore,
from suffering from the effects of a	privilege of listening at a handy	methods <»f warfare, except Ger
more or less continual diet of tinned	keyhole—if ruch there were—to the	many’s murder of women nd chib
j meat and dried or tinned vegetables,	talk taking place at that green cloth-	dr

power of Germany in the future can be cut tailed if she is crippled in her commerce with the British Empire, and this tan only be if the housewife resolutely refuses to buy or to be cheated into buying the smallest article of German manufactura,
“Whatever kind of an animal that. Bill?” he asked.
“You bloomin’ idiot! Don’t you know? That’s an Eurasian boss,*' was lb proud reply.
+
It’s almost as bad to say mean things as it is to do them.
###PAGE###3###
Sweets for Christmas
kind
I ¦ _ lmonds, walnut», peanuts, etc. —by removing the inner skins and chopping them. Spread the nuts evenly in a broad, shallow pun, the sides and bottom of which haw been greased with fresh butter other pot mix one pound of granulated sugar with half a cupful of water; add n pinch of cream of tartar, and boil without stirring until the mixture is thick without being very brittle. Pour this syrup over the chopped nuts and set the candy in a cool place to get hard. When it begins to get at iff, cut it into bars with u sharp, greased knife. If allowed to stand for a few days, the candy will become soft, and acquire a delicious flavor.
Santy’s Coming, Gran’ma ! ”
44
CHRISTMAS. DAY.
Blithest day of Holy Year When the Lord to men drew near; Very Man for us was born, Seeming of His glory shorn;
Did a human mother claim,
And a tender human name.
s

* yi *1U !ir-Ji yilALr
In an
The following recipes will produce results which are both delicious and wholesome. Most of them are simple to make, and none of them expensive.
Chocolate Caramels. — Mix one quarter of a pound of grated chocolate (unsweetened), a pound of brown sugar, four tablespoonfuls of butter, half a cupful of cream and half cupful of molasses. Place over a slow lire, stirring until the ingredients are thoroughly melted and mixed. Do not stir again; but boil the mixture until j it is brittle when a few drops are placed in ico water for half a minute. Remove from the fire and add a teaspoonful of vanilla; pour the candy into a thoroughly-greased, shallow pan and allow it to cool. When nearly cold, cut into squares with a greased sharp knife; then cool further, and when hard, wrap each square separately in waxed paper, and put it in a dry place. It is best not to try to make caramels in damp or rainy weather.
is very

Mother blessed evermore,
Since the Son of God she bore; Sacred name, henceforth to be Hailed by all with bended knee; Jesus! Name of love supreme, And of angels' praise the theme!
V
\
I
1
&
a

Let thy love a semblance take Of that love for Jesu's sake;
Let the poor thy bounty share,
And the helpless feel thy care; Greet thy friends with gifts since
:
i
?



Christmas Morning.
Before the wintry sun is up,
Oh, what a racket greets my ears,
The din is surely loud enough To wake the folks of other spheres.
The trumpets toot, the dollies squeak The woolly lambs in chorus bleat,
The baby locomotives chug,
The ira t - ta too the drumsticks beat, For this is Christmas morning.
A toy piano tinkles out A tiny, teeny-weeny tune,
So faint and sweet it might be played Away up in the silver moon.
The air with merry laughter rings, And shrieks of glee, and whoops of
joy,
And happy gurgles of delight
From rosy, romping girl and boy, For this is Christmas morning.
1
He

Came the Gift Supreme to be
'/'¦
f
V
Then thy best as tribute bring To the altar of thy King, Where in ceaseless mystery He renews that Gift to thee, And the life He did bestow Yields its constant overflow.
Z


K
V
El
FOR CHILDREN'S PARTIES
Should you prefer vanilla caramels, substitute vanilla for the chocolate
flavoring
Crystallized Pop-corn enough kernels to make thrbe quarts of pop-corn when finished. Put them into a popper and, shaking the popper up and down, hold it under the cold water faucet until all of the kernels are thoroughly saturated. Place it on the hack of the range to dry, after which you can can pop it in the regular manner over a hot fire, shaking the popper all the time. This method of treatment will prevent the usual hard centres in the kernels.
To crystallize the pop-corn, mix a cupful of granulated sugar, one tablespoonful of butter and three tablespoonfuls of water; boil until it can-! dies. Then stir in the three quarts of pop-corn und mix until all of the corn is well covered. Pour on sheets of buttered paper to cool.

Suggestions for the Entertainment of
the Little Ones.

X5
x
A
6»
Take
r?
X
A child's love for a Christmas party is very touching. One Christmas gone, he lives in happy anticipation of the one to come. So never allow the Yuletide season to pass without giving at least one party for the children. It need not be an elaborate affair—just the simplest menu and entertainment will please, for children are not critical. This year let it be a “snowball party."
On circular pieces of white bristol board, touched with water-color paints to simulate snowballs, write the invitations. Children adore
r *




y
Vt. 1
;
w.


Wee Jimmy sports a soldier suit,
And Johnny has a wagon red,
And Susie got a camera,
And Bruce and Bobby each a sled, And Tom in Fringe and feathers gay, Just like an Indian chief appears, And mother hugs them every one, And murmurs “Bless the little dears!"
For this is Christmas morning.
%
V
\
I
:
“dressing up," so make it a costume party. They can represent dolls, brownies, Teddy bears, clowns, fairies or any other character which happens to please their fancy.
At any shop where favors are sold cotton snowballs are purchasable in all sizes. These are inexpensive, but if you prefer they may be made at home. Attach these to strands of
- -I	‘-f*	I Marc!°Xmas	Christmas Cates ) SStJSZ
Some cooks boil longer and beat less; serveti in them the beauty of life, not- $	Money	g, been say,nS to ^rself over and over %	chandelier, for the* snowballs can be
«s little as possible (usually only un- winded'chilling rTiTandthe wither- •***•*•*•*** •*****t's'ss:**** lars.” Marcia’s mother spoke to her MHi^yr^Cak^^-^up^oC so- maT^re^n sotted under ^thf 'dome! til the mixture in the pot will follow jng tdast.	It was some time about the middle °» niany things, so now she told her gar sifted three times, three-quarters The top of the chandelier should be
the spoon) and then to beat regularly It is thc spirit of these living of November that Marcia began at>out that “six dollars" written on of	ggg	W^^^KMÜÈÊÊÊÊÊÊÊM
in the same direction until the mix- growths that appeal to use when all	carrying bundles for Miss Savitt. To	^1C paper, and Marcia learned that it	sugar to a cream and add one-half a	| decorations
tine i* of sufficient consistency. When the rest of inanimate nature appears	be exact, it was just six weeks be-	Wis the amount due the physician	cupful of milk filled up with water,	For the centrepieces form a large
this stage ha» been reached, turn the ^ foe sleeping under the mantle of	fore Christmas, counting back from	wko had attended baby, and had, so	three and one-half cups of flour, two	snowball of cotton and decorate it
fmigr into a buttered, shallow pan	winter.	the Saturday night when Marcia	went	,sai<*’ brought him	to	teaspoonfuls of baking powder, sifted	with	holly and	mistletoe.	This
und |d;u o it just inside the oven.	The ancient	Druids believed that	to her purse to put in another	note	when Marcia s mother thought	he	three times. Stir thoroughly and add	should	contain a favor for each	small
Now boil one-half cupful of milk and	yp^s lived in	the holly, the laurel,	and counted five other nice, new,	crisp	would die.	the beaten whites of five eggs. Fla-	guest,	wrapped in	a cotton snowball
two pupfnls of sugar. After six min- foay and thc great green trees that $1 bills. She hugged herself, gurgled Marcia clutched the paper with a vor with almond.	and tied with white ribbon. Deck the
mes remove from the fire; add t v. u formed the walls and living arches of	with laughter and then buried her	little pain in her heart that every	Filling: Grind one-half cup each of	candles with red shades shaped like
teaspoon!u!-; of butter »»u1 one-half ^foejr temples. They took the branch-	face in the pillow so that her mother,	moment kept growing sharper and	raisins, figs, citron, and English wal-	Christmas bells, to add color to the
teaspoonful of vanilla. Beat this, too, pg w^hin their dwelling, believing	sitting in the next room, could not	sharper, and after a while, when her	nuts, add some ground pineapple, a	table,
inti i. is ( veamy,and pour it overihe ^foa^ the spirits would follow, and hear.	mother and Bobbie and the baby little of the juice. Boil two cups of
rhoerda+f fudge already in the pan* j there exercise their protecting care.	came aKou* this wav Marcia’s 'ïfrc ^king at a picture book, she 8Ugar until it threads, and pour on
Set it away to cool; when nearly hard Qf these spirits they believed none __her had come to town with Mar- ?1,pped fr<2m the room’ on hat,and ! the unbeaten whites of two eggs; cut d i’to squares.	to be more powerful or capable of ; Bobbie the baby and a firm con- Jacket and ran you cant turn back beat until quite thick, then add the
.	............*- rs zs s at	% a s .r ss,1	z
to ih( directions in thei first part of	Thege be]ief9	have gone from the	t write the pretty stories that	the	Do^‘°r Smith‘ ,	halves of English walnuts,
the previous recipe; but do not pour; wor)d> but wv cling t0 the cmblejns of	chronicle had always	ac-	" hen once	shc was ,n the doctors	Royal Fruit Cake.-This is a	large
it into the pan as staled. Instead, th and rejoice amid them at the	cented and printed with	“thanks ”	but	Preaence she	was brave enough. She	recipe making three large loaves.
rr-u, ’srjLrttz,	SEctS'c-	= --rürraLf a	%
aarfis.Vfcs:¦— -«¦	smrsr-trJSrt
tends somewhat over thc edge of the	Of course we	all want to be happy	,x montas eiort, a ;	^	woe, came over her that it was	all	lasses, one teaspoonful of soda, two
dish, thc individual cakes tan be lifted during the festive season, and if we	mother wns putting in	ne s i c	ing	gQ„e—silver	spoon, sled, dinner,	teaspoonfuls each of allspice	and
out and the paper simply peeled off, bear the following “don'ts" in mind	*Y 80 much a yai<l ur .	‘ss avl	(>n	everything—and she burst into tears,	cloves, two tablespoonfuls of
thus avoiding the risk of breaking the we should find them very helpful in thc n°°r ^ w ° la( a T- e She never knew how it happened, mon, five eggs, one nutmeg, two edges of the cakes by digging them enabling us to attain that end.	work could <|o and more. «mes but jn a few minutes she was tell- pound.s of raisins, three pounds of
)Ut of the pan. Pour the fudge into Don’t, for example, give a gift as were pretty hard with the rim - ifig the (|octor all about it—the sew- currants, one and one-half pounds of these little pans to the depth of three-1 an “investment."	flo°r t.10.1?1’ an< * aJ’cia 8 i \ /	,	mg machine and the other two bills	citron;	bake about one	hour or longer
fourths of an inch. Into thc centre of Don't give with the	expectation of	¦ get al1 the work shc cou,u do >y any	and everything. Then the doctor of-	in a slow oven,
each cake press a marshmallow and return.	means.	fared to give the money back, but
allow the cakes to harden. Six or Don’t give a Christmas present Marcia still went to school, and it looked pleased when she refused it; eight marshmallows dropped into the	grudgingly.	was	in the afternoons that she	car-	and	she started home, still a	very sad
fudge during the heating process will	Don’t figure out	what	So-and-So	is	Tied	the work home for Miss Savitt,	fout	a much happier little girl	than
make it richer and tastier. These going to give you.	1 earning her dollar a week with the when she came.
fudge cakes are a most attractive Don’t overlook a real friend for a happiest heart and most willing hands Such a queer thing happened on form in which to serve fudge.	flash friend.	in the world. She had decided what Christmas eve! For a wagon drew
Pecan Kisses.—Combine the whites	Don’t	deposit a gift in a	bank of	to do with the $6 that would	be	on	Up and brought such wonderful
of six eggs with fifteen more than	gratitude and expect 20 per	cent, in-	hand by Christmas. Of course,	she	things to Marcia's home! A sewing
level tablespoonfuls of white sugar, terest on it all the year round.	would like to give her mother a sew- machine, in the drawer of which was
and beat thoroughly until of sufficient	Don’t	omit the children’s toys.	Ing machine, but that was out	of	the	a (20 gold piece and a silver spoon
consistency to stand alone. Beat	Don't	buy more than you	can pay	question, so she compromised	on	a	marked “sterling” for Marcia’s
lightly into this a small cupful of pe- for.	silver teaspoon marked on the back	ther, a sled and rubber boots for Bob-	jt	fuj) 0f bubbling	Glee,
can kernels. Drop on greased brown Don’t go from home	on Christmas	with the magical word ' sterling."	bie, a big, a magnificent doll for baby!	Season	with a dash of	Cheer
paper and bake in a moderate oven. Day.	Bobbie was to have a sled and a pair And there was a wonderful book of
Take can not to burn.	| Don’t promise your husband or of rubber boots, and the baby—the fairy tales, with such pictures as s
Maple Puffs.—To one pound of ma-	child a present. Give	it.	dear	baby who had been so ill	that	had	never seen before. And	in	this
pic sugar and one cupful of brown su- j	Don’t say, Alas,	he	is	an	ass	who	she	made them all think she	was	\
gar add a cupful of water and boil merry is at Christmas.	what Miss Savitt called “going”—
without stirring until it reaches the And don’t forget to all be pleasant,	baby should have the biggest doll	others.”
firm, bail stage. Cut one dozen	______*_______ that could be bought—for the money.
marshmallows into pieces, and add	M MarrUa*	AI1 the remainder should go for
them to the mixture In the saucepan,	'	the Christmas dinner, and after that Merry Christmas, Merry Christmas,
which has been removed from the Once more we are in the midst of sj,e would begin to save up for an- Greets you at the door,
and let	stand	for five	min-	the festive season, tor lovers, (hrist-	©ther time. Everything was planned;	Merry	Christmas. Merry Christmas,
Mix the syrup	well	again,	and	mastide is a time of no small moment,	nothjng could happen to make any-
the well-beaten | for it is tolerably safe to may that far thing different. Marcia was ten years I I
moro questions are popped at Christ-1 old ! So it came to be Saturday, Laughing voices, merry faces, mas than at any other time in all the night, with Marcia gloating over her | Greet you one by one,
F ______ wealth. She raised her head from They know, each and all their places,
À» clergymen can testify, for a the pillow, stifling her laughter, and Ere they start the Christmas fun. month after ( hristmas there are more. Bg gfoe ^id go she heard a sound—a
banns of marriage published than in gofo—from the next room. She knew Candles sparkling brightly, lightly,
any other two months of th» year, et once what It was!	1 On the Christmas tree,
and they will probably add, with a.	And then she remembered that her	Merry	Christmas, Merry Christmas,
genial smile, that it must be due to	father had died a year ago, soon after |	Are	the cries that come to me.
the benign influence of the mistletoe.
After all. it’s only natural that a
i
Why We Decorate at Christman
Wby do wc decorate at Christmas? Why the gifts on thc Christmas tree? Frosted Fudge.—Mix three cupfuls Why the holly about the walls and of sugar, a cupful of milk
j
#
#
#

^the	the pictures? Why,
squares of chocolate and one table- above all and the centre of all, those spoonful of butter; bring slowly to a. green and living growths, the mistle-boil. Then boil hard for about five toe boughs?
minutes. Remove from the stove; Christmas seized upon these things add a teaspoonful of vanilla, and beat for the celebration of the festival be until thick and creamy. The secret
%
9
cup of butter. Work butter and completely covered with Christmas
a
Serve the sandwiches tied in bundles with red ribbon, and ornament the cakes, ices, salad and candies in a Christmasy manner.
Entertain thc children with games, dancing, or you might arrange for them to give a Christmas pantomime. It will take but little coaching to prepare this, and they will enjoy “acting” without words.
Just before they depart have Kriss Kringle appear with a large bag filled with cotton or tissue paper snowballs, which is the signal for a snowball fight. This will prove a jolly ending to the children’s Christmas party.
cinna
I NUSUAL DESSERTS
Boil the
Compote of Chestnut* chestnuts for eight minutes, remove the husks and skins, place in a saucepan J4 lb. of granulated sugar and a gill of water. When it comes to a boil, drop in the chestnuts and let them remain until they have absorbed all the syrup; take them out, arrange high on a glass dish, squeeze over them the juice of half a lemon, and sprinkle with granulated sugar. Serve when cold.
Macedoine of Fruits.— Set a jelly mould into a pail of rough ice and, salt, and arrange the fruits according to fancy between layers of clear, well-sweetened jelly, flavored with some ' liquor, as noyeau or maraschino. If the jelly be poured into the mould an hour before it is required, the out-,
1 side will be sufficiently frozen, and the inner part will be as firm as can be desired. When removed from the ice-pail, turn out the jelly on a glass dish, first dipping the mould into tepid water, which will loosen it immediately. The mould should be covered while in
Christman Confection. — A new Christmas confection, delicious and quickly made, is made by cutting rich fruit cake thinly and dipping squares, triangles, or circles in melted sweet1 chocolate. This bonbon is a delightful “find" in the Christmas box.
A Recipe.
Take a quart of pure Good Will Flavor well with Sympathy; Boil it on the fire till
mo
Mixed with Love and Tenderness; hf Cool off in an atmosphere That is mostly kindliness
k was written these words, “For the Marcia, a little girl who thought of

Stick a dozen raisins in
Made of grapes from Laughter's vine,
And such fruits as you may win . In a purely Jocund line.
Make a batter from the cream Of Good Spirits running high.
And you'll have a perfect dream Of a Merry Christmas pie
O
Merry Christmas

fire; rover
wtesilH^H
whites of two eggs. Beat the mixture #11 the time, and when It begins to harden so that it will hold its shape, stir into it one-half cupful of candied cherries cut fine, one cupful of chopped English walnuts, and one-half cupful of candied pineapple. Mold into small cakes and lay on waxed paper; then place a cherry on top of each, and set away to get hard.
Candied N*ta.—Into a saucepan put one cup of brown sugar, one-third cup of corn syrup, one teaspoonful of vinegar, one teaspoonful of glycerine and one-half cupful of water. Boil without stirring until it is brittle, when
Ere you step the threshold o'er
i
the ice.
Creole Cream —Beat the yolks of six eggs with half a teacupful of powdered sugar; add a pint of rich milk. Set over the fire and stir until very hot. but not boiling; take off and let cool. Cut up M lb. citron. Ornament the sides of a mould with candied it rs wherries and leaves cut from thin sheets of lemon jelly. Stir two tablespoonfuls of melted gelatine Into a pint of whipped cream; add to the custard with the chopped citron; pour into the mould and set on ice.

The Oldest Christmas Carol.
Christmas carols arc as old as the Christmas era. The first Christmas carol was sung by thc angels to the shepherds of Judea. They sang “Glory to God in the Highest, and on Earth Peace, Good Will Toward Men.”
Some of the most beautiful Christmas carols appeared In the fifteenth, sixteenth and seventeenth centuries, and had their home in France, Italy, and England. In those days it was the mark of a litterateur to have carol collections, for book* were not as England was the first country to plentiful ¦» they are now, an.1 one of take any measure* for the prevention the moet famous collector, wa. De nr punishment of cruelty to animal». Caurroy, of Franee. whose nenv
comes down to us. In the writings of In a private school a little girl was the day, more as a collector of carols asked to define the word agriculture.
Agriculture? Agriculture
The English royalty were all very repeated, thoughtfully. “Why. agri-
year,
Christmas. Marcia had been mo
happy lately she had forgotten.	Now they play about the firelight,
young fellow, kissing a pretty gir gfo* hastily crowded the money Hark what can it be? for the first time at Christmas should back into her ,itlle puri$e and ran into It is surely dear old Santa make up hie mind to possess her per the otjley room
¦IRSatly, so that he can repeat his wag guying very softly, and on the,
osculatory performance w henever he	naar were three pieces of paper j Merry Christmas, Merry Christmas,
—bills. Marcia knew what they were, I They call, one by one,
—	. although she was but ten. Marcia*» Won't you. Santa, come and join us
sponsible for r g<>o<l many marriages motfoer hurriedly dried her eyes when Ere we start the Christmas fun?
Marcia came In and ^ ÿflH
matter; she felt sad	to think	she could	“See that man across, the street? | than	as	a writer
With	some	people,	the	presence	of	not give her little	children	a merry	He landed in this town ten years ago
a cat in	the	room	induces	an	attack	of	Christmas; and she	quickly	took the	without a penny in his pocket.* “And 1 fond	of	the Christmas carol, notably ! culture is the society word for farm-
asthma.	bits of paper lying	naar	and put	now?" “Now he owes me 11,500.“ I Queen Elisabeth.	Ing "
+

Marcia's mother
Bringing gifts for you and me
Mistletoe, it will thus be seen, is re-
thc fire and let stand for three min
utes until the syrap	¦
Place the nuts to be candled, careful ly shelled, on a shallow, buttered pan; thc syrup over them, and set
to boil


p«'Ui
nvtr away to cool.

Prepare nuts of any
Nat 1%*: a.
###PAGE###4###
THE EQUITY.
Fall Suitings
jkTaw»l tnMii n»ail alluwaiii't Hamm's |»ropt*it> mile
•pposite
for mu-I further, partie* having a uh taken gravi 1 u
to put tin* hill in propor Aui\
t 'an ie«l
Motii.t
SILOS
I
pnrjMxse.s
SHAWVILLE, DEC. 16, 1915.
SILOS
nit* ml
SILOS
Encourage Home Production.
ut ion workers in (
like unie* thvx A*
•ale of \v;ur* Lx t hex
la hi
( 'mm*. Bail the following Bill. I - au.l Sinking l’im.1
I I

I
Call and see our New Fall Goods.
accorded a faiwi contractors, wh wing rich at thee i. Efforts will 1 difficulty.
We are prepared to manufacture Silos of size, complete, ready for the Silage.
Kstinmtes cheerfully furnished Consult us before placing I
your order.
Colts, Cattle and Sheep taken as cash in payment.

any
arc \|
McDowell, lilt I. V. Kihtllav, work o well s hill
Cnhl

I
UHI
1.00
... Overcoats for Men ...
In the Latest Belted Styles, with Shawl Collars.

I
I ti'l'l

l
I
w
nng liait a million l wheat, which \\ England ft
\ lies, were destroyed l»\ fire 1 lav. The origin • l*e incendiary.
iinerui
i
l
m
1
Hew
1
>hii
t'anir,I
the use of tin rimrs-f the tile i< thought
î
t Vmncil adjourned on mvti villv*i < liarlier and Dagg.
DONALD FRASER.
Also Sweaters, Gloves and Mitts.
A. A. ARMSTRONG.
\
K. S. |{om;i\*
Ti va
P. S —Wood, Timber and Lumber of all kinds
>
for sale.
MURRAY BROS., SH/\WVILLE.
The F«»lkstone Toxx u Council has demined that the overcharging of Cana a soldiers by certain greedy dealer* 't U‘ stopped. Perhaps the reason individuals sought undue protit was
COUNTY COUNCIL
By-law number fifty two (52) of this
Council
Yens- -Councillors Ward, C. MeNallv,
.	The Warden, Paul Mc I	. Robinson, McCleary, Rimer,
ause of the mistaken ladicf that the I Xally, IN,,., and County Councillors	™.*id, ^les, Campbell, Parke*
\ from the Dominion are millionaires ! Ihirvy, I hum, Mam ville, McDonald, j N	,
...............r	grss^a-sa
> ",ost p^s.—Montreal C.azvttv. | Hur, Kulvs, I'ampMl, Kvnmdy. havi’s, °j£«lley -7.
O Beil ley, Halverson, forming a quo- I lie motion was declared carried, and
, « «...7" i”	|-—
-taming a *out 4oo houses, built a gcrilvil to his oath of office.	Moved by com*. Sloan, seconded by I —
yea* ago to accommodate the (icople The minutes of last session were read vo!111 , bohinson that By-law No. 52 of br light in hv the increased activities ;Ult* adopted on motion of councillors MhwCouneil K* now read a second time.
xlz |	K kHS 1
The tire is said to have started order to save further cx|*ensc, to add a ~~ 1}^ÊÊÊÊÊÊM ft in the overturning of an oil stove in a ! <’lau.se to the private bill for the c hange |	* - Councillors Dunn, Darcy,
~.. T "............. .......	K	w
'	‘	• tiac will have complied with th- >ndi > ,l"	»- "as read a second tim,
tions requiivd by law for the establish- Moved by coun. Campbell, seconded , n
ment and maintenance of a Registry l,y 0011,1	beid that By-law No. 58 be	A	1	“***Jwd	Yorkshire	Hog. Fet
Office at Campbells Bay, the Lieutenant I no". rva<l	a third time short and passif. I *1 00	for on^»	or $ LAO	for	t wo
Governor in Council shall have the ^ vas - Councillors Campbell, Reid,	PETER MOYLES,
m-n embassy at Washington, who by power, by proclamation, to change the ,.arii’ bam ford, Robinson, McCleary, I	Maryland
I heir activity rendered their presence I Registry Office to Camiibells Bay, and b*mer, Sloan, Eadee, Parker, Barr—11.
the government of the ‘ a*^ed the Council to sanction this ad- Nays—Councillors Dunn, Halverson
K*“r ....................................“
mted State t«> use its good offices Circulars from the Prow Secretary re. t by-law No. 52 was read a third time i:i	securing	safe	conduct	for	the	de-	costs of insane, from Co. Carleton Gen- r^ort and	passed
p u ting attaches and for	their	successors	VmI l,°spital, and from the Canadian Moved	by coun. Ward, seconded by
own boasted fleet safely bottled up taken.	the sale of intoxicating liquors, and the
Kiel, this would-be world ruler had no j Two bill» from John A. Cowan—one | *S8U*t‘g °f licenses therefor in this county
irse o|>en, to ensure the return of his f°** for publishing notices of appli- ordered by this Council to be sub
cat ion to the Provincial Legislature re. I mittod to the Municipal Electors of this • r change of Chef Lieu, and one for $17.50 vou,nty °f Pontiac for their approval.
HHP| magnanimity of the for printing letter forms and minutes of \ eas — Councillors Ward, Robinson stress of the Seas. And, doubtless, | the County Council during 1915, were bimfbrd, McCleary, Rimer, Sloan, Reid German people will still lie told rva<^ and payment authorized on motion hades, Campbell, Parker, Barr—11. absurd falsehood that the British , ot £Vuns- o lGilley and Darcy.	Nays— Councillors Dunn, Halverson
> af,-aid to come out and tight.	| Gazette $16.37 and Le Spectateur $12.50	___.
for publiahii notices n hai ofthe|coun* hlarcy, that this Council give a Chef Lieu to Campbells Bay.	grant of three hundred dollars towards
A hill from the municipality of Camp- maintenance and expenses of the t .	„	bells Bay for $4.95 for arrest and trans- Macdonald Demonstrator of Agriculture
tegular meeting • >! the Municipal port to jail of one Matthew Talion, m- ln this county for the year 1916. the
1,1011 ot ;shiiUvl,b‘. held Monday, sane, was laid liefore the Council, but in 88,110 amount ** was granted for the '?•‘•ember 6th, 1915. Present : Mayor view of a resolution of this Con ml, present year, 1915.—Carried.
Mes ; Councillors Hynes, Smiley, Ar pussed on the 9th of Septemlier, IP Moved by coun. McDonald, seconded
. .Ui l b. (». Hodgins.	I in reference to such bills, no action v s I coun. Hades that this Council do
Moved by Smiley and H. G. Hodgins | taken.	| now adjourn. — Carried.
it minutes of last meeting as now A petition from Win. J. Horner re A be adopte,!. Carried	opening the Clarendon-Litchfield town
oum lllors barnvtt and \\. H. llod-1 line to connect with the 5th is t,w*k their seats at the lioard
NOTICE
Regular Quarterly session held 9th
December, 191 Present
It was resolved by tl
School Commissioners of Clarendon,	--	_	_
S'ISSSË! Cive Your Family a
nary, 1916.	*
Board of

m. a. McKinley,
Asst. Secv-Trv.is
Gutter or Sleigh for Xmas.
Shaw ville, Dw. 6, 1916
For Service.
Purebred Chester White Hog #1.00 for one, $1.50 for two.
JOHN ANDERSON R. R. No. l, Maryland
Gr. A. HOWARD
Fee
sells all styles at rock bottom prices.
Also a full line of
For Service
Double and Single Harness, Robes, Blankets and
Halters. Reduced prices to clean up. Come and see for yourself.
The Kaiser lias personally recalled the *val and military attaches of the (1er
lerable t
For Service
Pure-Bred Berkshire Boar f Fee -11.00.
>r .service
Will buy or exchange Horses suitable for
C. D. WILSON,
111 h Range, t ’larendon,	___
k. m. r. No. i, cimrtvrLs. Army, and have several teams of A-l Work
Horses at prices that will astonish you
For Service
Registered Chester white Hog. Terms one sow #1.00, two #1.50.
Apply to
ARCHIE J). GREER,
llth Range, Clarendon.
it ion mongers, other than an indirect *eal to t ht
G. A. HOWARD.
The motion was declared carried. Moved by coun. Dunn, seconded L»\
For Service
A Beautiful Display
Of Holiday Goods
Registered Chester White Hog. Fee #1.00. Apply to
J. W. BROWNLEE»
0th Line, Clarendon
Shawvillc Council Minutes
Is now ready and awaiting your inspection.
For Service
Purebred English Yorkshire Hog. |	19 full of new ideas, coming surprises, happy hints, novel and desir-
Service fee #1.00. Apply to
JOHN A. HODGINS,
10th Line, Clarendon
H. T. He RDM AN,
Sec.-Treat. Co. Pontiac Bryson, Que., Dec. lv, 1915.
able features. You cannot find n better place to get just the right tiling for everyone. Our new
stock is full of attractions for buyers who appreciate superior and really desirable holiday gifts of the latest design and best quality. \Ye offer many inducements
in high grade goods at fairest prices, well adapted to the wants and requirements of our patrons.
concession
Xl i.it	, ,	,	, Litchfield was read, but lasing unac-
Moxcd by Hynes and Argue that the companied by any request from either
f owing lulls be paid:	Armen Dagg, of the two local councils interested no
f *..»0 . J. r. Dale, #3.00 ; Wellington action was taken thereon *.\0° ; J. It. Mucfarlane *15.00 ; W. (I. Moved hy mun. Ward, seconded by Insnell ^..,0.	( anted	coun. Robinson, that a by law ,,rohib
' "v|	and Argue that tins king the sale of intoxicating liquors m
unci' adjourn, tamed.	the County Municipality of Pbntiac be
passed as follows, to wit :
"	.m„,
.law Mlle. I resent . Mayor \V11. Barr; 1909, and that the said by-law shall, by from any preference for the political ouncillors Lvrt Hodgins, M. T. Bari ht, order of this County Council of the |in8t,tullon8 or Ideas of Canada, but •Vlex. I*ean, Geo. T. Dagg, and Richard County of Pontiac be submitted for the iimply becau8e they thought they saw
*2L .< u,.	rra'<£,:£--'............. iXijfgLA ssurs
"t‘"T T................w	‘•sr sifc S5r»^»««s
.... 1,11	^	, an and Hod-1 ( ouncillors McDonald, Davis and Ken- In the year ending March, 1914
?t 1 hat all municipal taxes unpaid nedy spoke against it, and Mr. J. H. *ome 107,530 Americans immigrated’ <T' i January Dt, 1916. will jiay six j Roberts of Montreal, for it.	0 Canada. The war and Canada's
cent, interest until paid.—Carried. | Council now adjourned till half imM Participation has wrought a rernark-\tternoon session, same members one o'clock in the afternoon on motion	,n Athe	ending
[mpW%IÆin/^\»Le about |	ai 1.30, ,,m TllS	w
r,wa„rc"res enCnwhiBg "l-" r,wl the Warden „n,l ,11 the County nonth. were before the declaration . ..	,,	ti j •	Councillors present at the morning )f war and included the period of
I	:	1 0,1 ,,M- nrxigins and , session lieiug again present except conn- leaviest immigration.
I bat Rural Inspector Edward cillor Barr, who subsequently entered >igg Ik* instructed to visit 4th con. line the room and took his seat.
^*m** lot >°» a,,d if fences are found Discussion of the promised prohibitory nereon to have the same removed by liquor by-law was continued, T. P. Koran »"ner, or at his expense, ( leaving a Esq., K. C., addressing the Council ?•ar roadway of 40 feet).- Carried. U*half of its opponents, and Mr. J. H.
, 4 *	: * '****? McCord and Roberts and others in its favor,
ade»—That same ins|»ector Ik* sent to Discussion having been concluded, the ,d concession, to sworn j*o»t I*etween division was called and the Yea* and *t»13 and 14, all on con. 3, and if Nays taken as follows :
:nce* or “'her obstructions are found Tew - Councillors Ward, Robinson, hereon, to have same removed by own- Hamfonl, ('. M.-Nally, McClarey, Rimer
,r*. ,,r ** 'heir ex pen*. All i*rtie* S|<»„, Reid, Eade*. Campbell, Parker -h Le seated to be given notice.—Carried. 11
V .Motion : C„un«. llarber and bides I Nays - Councillors Dunn. Dam I hat Ed. Miigg get seven enow gate» Mainvillc, Davis, MeDonald, Kenned) which are here, the pnqwrty of the mu- Halverson, O Reilley -8 a ipality, on condition that he puts The motion was declarc<l carried.
,ra UP At Retford \S ilson’s hill and Moved by coun. Ward, seconded by ,lkv\ care (bem during summer coun. C. McNally, that a by-law nco-iKMiths ; and that Leonard Belsher and hibiting the sale of intoxicating liquors,
. . Hodgins get 10 gates on same con- and the issuing of licenses the refor. ll! Hw Carried.	within the limits of this County of Pon
vouns. hade* and Me tiac, under the authority, and for the
< ord -That I i gates »je procured for 1 enforcement of section fifteenth, of chap ,	,
For Service
Shorthorn Stock for Sale
13,.year ol<l Bull. Several first classl^,(K). Apply to Hull Calves. All registered stock.
Apply to
THUS. Mi DOWELL,
Slmn ville. -------------
Purebred ('heater white Hog. Fee
H. (». YUVNG,
Bristol Corners
? ??????
The sale
For Service
ltegUtemi cin -ter white Hog. nt If you want tho good quality, ths right article and
vice fee #1.00for one sow ; #1.50 for	..
two-	tne reasonable price, inspect our line of
Watches, docks,
Silverware, Cut Glass,
Novelties, etc
and an endless chain of Beautiful Holiday Attractions that must be seen to be appreciated.

Clarendon Council Minutes
REX FORD WILSON,
( on. 4, Clarendon
Jewelery,
For Service
Chester White Registered Hog for service. Fee $1.00 for one, or $1.50 for two
sows. Apply to____________________
GORDON RICHARDSON. ¦
Radford
•f
THE MARKETS
(
ShAWVIlLE
although the first four
Our assortment contains in great variety the very latest and most pleasing novelties of the season which cannot fail to meet your quirements. They have the merit—they will please you Let us help settle the question of what you will give to each person on your list by showing you desirable and altogether satisfactory presents for everyone of them.
Flour pel barrel #(UJ0
Wheat, pel bushel, standard-
Oats,per bushel, 38c.
Butter tubs, printaand rolls 25c Potatoes per bag. 80c,
Eggs per dozen 33c.
Pork per 100 lbs.8.50 to 10.50 Chickens per lb. 10 to 12c.
Fowl Ducks Geese
TurkeyafllH^lH
Hides per 100 lbs. 13.00 Pelts 75 to 1.00 each Horse Hides each 2.50 Calfskins each 75 to l.w<
Veal Skins, each 00c
Kan
Mixed Metaphor,
Aid. Sam McBride, the stormy petrel of the Toronto City Council .always speaks to the point when he has anything to any, and he never minces words. His language Is at times rather picturesque, and sometimes he even mixes his metaphors a bit.
The other day be was giving an Interview on the matter of choosing a judge to conduct the Investigation Into certain charges made against an alderman.
• We want a Judge who will get ths facts out—who will dig and dig, let the chips fall where they may," asserted Mr. McBride, and then he wondered why the reporter smiled.
re-
on
8 to 10
10
15 to 17
10 to 20 % DISCOUNT.
A Patriotic Firm
The following* re la*t Saturday* quoi al ions :
Botter, In prints 30c to31c Butter In pells 28 to 30c
Directors of the Imperial Oil C pany, Limited, of Canada, have decided to pay all employes who hare enlisted, or who msy enlist with the Canadian contingent for overseas ser
You are cordially invited to inspect our stock.
Potatoes per beg, $1.23 Pork per 100 lbs $8.00 to 12.25 Beef, per 100 lbs, $6.00 to 8.00 Oats per bushel 45c - I Ua v per ton 18.00 to 11.00
H. SHADEL,
Watchmaker and Jeweler
###PAGE###5###
the equity,
i
HOMEMAKERS’ CLUBS.
TIME OF MEETING :
i4
Weikl| Jiurml devoted to looel Iqtereeti.
PlklUkediTerr Tker.de7
At Sbawrille, County Pontiac, Que.
SUIHCRIPTION, $1 A YmAB IN ADVANCE
A#- All arrears must be paid up before •my paper I» discontinued.
YOUR HOME
Has First Call on Tour
I

ANIMÀL* IN PAWN
/
DAY


>
Tame or Wild, They Are Good For a • Loan In This New York Shop.
Among the curious industries or sources of livelihood lu New York city is au uuimal pawnshop ! a wafeh to an ordinary paw us hop to I raise money on It, so you may take a I watchdog to the animal pawnshop.
I Recently a man did this, getting $20 on a dog that was easily worth $00,
the pawnbroker said
trick dog which had been fuugbt o open doors. So In due time be opened a door and let himself out while letting the pawnbroker in.
A well known animal trainer the shop. IJo takes camels, lions, elephants—any animals
charges for interest on the Joan, the only charge being for the keep of the animals, among which at almost any time are dogs, monkeys, bears, goats, cats, coons, foxes, parrots, canaries. At one time he had forty trick donkeys in pawn. The profits arising from yOUr (barges for feed and care are enough to make the institution pay.
Once he had a lion in pawn which broke his chain In the stable and went roaring around, scared almost to death, and it was only after heroic efforts that they mustered courage to capture him. As a matter of fact the animal was a decrepit beast that had served his time In sideshows and was anxious to get away,
Austin - First Tuesday, fAurrells - Third Wednesday, Elmside
a*
As you lake
Second Wednesday, Bristol, - - First Thursday, Starks Corners, Second THurs.
ADVERTISING HATES
lioflul advertising, 10cents per line for 1st Insertion and ft cents per lino or each subsequent insertion
Business cards not exceeding one Inch inserted at #5.00per year,
Local announcements inserted at the rate of 8 cents per line for first Insertion and 5 cents for subsequent Insertions.
Commercial advertising by the month or for longer periods Inserted at low rates which will be given on application.	,
Advertisements received without in-1 •«tractions accompanying them will be in eerted until forbidden and charged for accordingly.
Wyman, - - First Friday, Shawville - First Saturday, Yarm - Last Saturday,
ot each month.
But lie was u
II
owns
There are no
OTTAWA
WINTER FAIR
Birth, marriage and death notices pub-| * had free of charge. Obituary poetry declined.	J
JOB PRINTING
PoXJTy,lym\"1|ISthereanythingthat would bring a better Christmas spirit into
home than some
All kinds of Job cheaply executed, promptly attended to
HOWICK HALL, OTTAWA
January 18, 19, 20, 21,
1915.
$16,000.00 IN PRIZES.
JOHN BRIGHT,
JOHN A. COWAN.
Publisher
New Furniture ?
Profeasional Cards.
Your whole family would share the pleasure, and your home be that more attractive.
much
A New Carpet Square
DR. A. H. BEERS
W. D. JACKSON
Secretary, CARP, ONT.
;
SURGEON DENTIST Campbell* Bat
Delaware's Northern Sounder/. Why the northern boundary of Delaware should have been circular In form Is often a source of wonderment. It came about In this way: After William Penn had obtained a grant of Pennsylvania he was desirous of owning the land on the west bank of the Delaware to the sea. He procured from the Duke of York in 1082 a release of all bis title and claim to New Castle and twelve 9 | miles around It and to the land between this tract and the sea. A line that was the arc of a circle of a twelve mile radius was then run, with New Castle as a center. When the three ‘lower counties" on the Delaware became a state they retained this boundary.—Chicago Journal.
President,
is needed too, to properly " show off " the New Furniture.
Qv*.
Doctor of Medicine and Master of Surgery McGill University.
Doctor of Dental Surgerv, University of Pennsylvania.
Licentiate of Dental Surgery, Quebec.
OTTAWA, ONT.
Think it over
Let Us Interest Ton In . .
Dining Room Suites,
Fancy Chairs, Centre Tables,
Rugs and Mats.
When you want the best value for you
. money in ..
SHINGLES
at SI.65 per M
Dressers and Stands
Iron Beds,
and up
VNo Lathe, Dry Lumber, Clapboard* Hoc ring. End Matched Hardwood Floor ing, Mouldings, Doors, etc., try
S. A. MACKAY
NOTARY PUBLIC
Shawville,
A. F. CAMPBELL,
HO* 455
Que.
Am prior, Ont
R. MILLAR, LL.L.
Do You Believe in Useful Giving ?
If you do you will appreciate the following suggestions :
Neckwear, Underwear,
Gloves, Hosiery,
Silverware,
HELP PROTECT THE DEER.
8t. George and St. Peter.
Besides being the patron saint of England SL George Is also patron of Moscow, on whose arms there figures , the picture of the saint slaying the	'"d other Came during Close Season
dragon. A famous Russian military	reporting at once to the undersigned
9 I decoration—the Order of St. George- , »'.y vio.’ation of the Game Law you be-which was founded by Catherine the ! come avare of Liberal ¦
pointed out that while St George was ,	strictly private and conti
adopted as the “military protector” of 1 etita *
England early in the thirteenth century the patron of England bad for five centuries previously been St Peter, which helps to explain why more churches have in England been dedicated to that saint than to any other.—
London Mirror.
ADVOCATE,
Campbells Bay, Que
Will visit Shawville every Saturday. I S^^Gcit/ÔTS,
Clothing Furs, Linens,
D. R. BARRY, K. c.| Handkerchiefs,
China, Stationery,
compensation j. All cor-
BARRISTER, ADVOCATE, &C
Office and Residence
N.McCUAIC
Campbells Bay, Que.
Prov Game Warden
Visits Shawville every Saturday
Bryson, January, 1913
T O Y L A N D
CEO. C. WRIGHT, K. C.|We must remember the Little Folks.
Sleighs, Games, Mechanical Toys, Jewel Cases, Books, Dolls, Banks, Building Blocks,
Drums and Cornets.
AGENTS WANTED
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, AC
TO SKI.f
An Ingenious Device.
When Sir Robert Perks' school days were over he entered the office of a firm of lawyers and worked very hard. It was no uncommon thing to find blm reading law at 5 In the morning, and this often after be had been working late on the previous night. As a matter of fact, he made it an inflexible rule never to be in bed of a morning after 5. To enforce this rule be Invented an Ingenious device. This consisted of a long glass tube filled with water nicely balanced over his bead e	and attached by a string to an alarm.
liPnHldH	a At the desired hour the bell rang and
VaUUlüU rOtJIS, awakened the sleeper. If within a few
McIntosh red apple trees
196 Main St. - Hull.
F""
PHONE BELL
J. Ernest Caboury, LL. B.
ADVOCATE
BARRISTER* SOLICITOR
CAMPBELLS BAY, QUE.
The Inner Man.
STONE AND WELLINGTON Foothill Nurse lies.) ¦¦ (Established ltftTi.
Let Us Help YouJFurnish Your Table.
Poultry, Basins,
Oranges,
Will be In Fort Coulonge every Wed nosday and Shawville every Saturday,
TORONTO
ONTARIO.
Currants,
Apples, Nuts.

GEORGE HYNES
seconds he did not leap from bis bed and avert the calamity the descending weight of the clock destroyed the balance of the tube, and down poured the water on bis guilty head!-From “The Life Story of Sir Robert W. Perks.”
Embalmer and Funeral Director
Main Street,Shawville.
Personal attention.Open all hours.
364 University St.. Montréal.
G. F. HODGINS CO
Hew Italian Soldiers Behave.
The Italian soldier gets a very high character from Richard Bagot In his “Italians of Today." “To see an Itak ton soldier drunk or In any way misconducting himself in a public place Is SYNOPSIS OF f Aliiniâ ai exceedingly rare-so rare indeed that unDruu/r®» ^NADIAN ft would create a very disagreeable Iro	rav Kin WEST LAND
pression on the witnesses. Indeed, the 1	REGULATIONS,
men of any one of the more important Italian regiment* who misconduc ted 1 so ehead of & family, or any male
3SS vss gsss* I
mlnteteçgd by the regimental author! berta, Applicant must appear in ties, undergo a very bad time of It az I Per*01? nt the Dominion Land* Agency
aa&i.........-—
Her Idea.	I Duties.— 81* months residence upon
Ms, your bank account Is over- !	'°a °/ ’hc in each of
years. A homesteader may live
* ithin nine mile of his homestead on a
farm of at least HO acres, on certain c ondi-
“Simply this. You've written checks **ons. A habitable house Is required
for $13 more money than was In the The vYci nR reMide,lce is performed In
b”'Tbe Idee! If $13 will break lb. bank «<£d lu rTÙ n/ip"re\ï,°p?î1 n'u.7,èr
alongside hi homestead Price $ f 00 per acre
Duties—Si* months residence in each of three rears after earning homeMead
gw Zsr-Ts :s;i ;r:.-
satis— - —
FOR SALE
UNDERTAKING
I
We Gan Do It
I Holstein Hull I* years old 1 Shropshire Ram Lamb Acvd Shropshire Ram
HAYES & FINDLAY
1
(registered!. Apply to JOS. BROWNLEE.
Shawville R. R. No. 1
MAIN STREET
SHAWVILLE

(opposite J. H. Shaw's.)
That is, supply you with the kind of STOVE, RANGE, HEATER, FURNACE that will give best satisfaction. Call and be convinced.
All calls will receive prompt personal attention.
CANADIAN
W. J HAYES.
J. V. FINDLAY
NOTICE
RAILWAY 00.
Christmas & Ne* Years
EXCURSIONS 1916 16.
To whom It may Concern.
Notice is hereby given to all parties having claims against the estate of the late Edward Brownlee, or of his wife, recently deceased that they are requested Jo file the same with me witfiin thirty from the date of this Claims outstanding after the said delay of thirty days will not be recognized, la like manner, all bills, notes, etc., due or owing to the said estate are required to be paid into my hands within the «aid delay of thirty days, or, in other
¦rda, before the i M li of JairaaryffBl	HIHI	HIHI
Given at Shawville this 15th day of | Smith, equal,_Lillje Stevenson
December, 1915
G. W. DALE
PRACTICAL TINSMITH Shawville, Que.
drawn.”
"What doe* that mean, pm ?"
n"t -
Lowest one-way Brat clnaa Lire
for round trip, good going Friday I 1*9 find another one to do bosin and Saturday, l)ec. ‘Jltli and 23th. j with. 1 supposed they had thousand* Return limit Monday, Dec 27th ; j <'f dniism nn hand all the time.”
Grade III-Velma Smith, Harry	""d SaU.rday, Dec.
Grade ' Til-Lula Letts, Mildred |	**'"'*"' Ed,th Voun*
Grade II Victor Brown, IJoyd And I emon, Rome Murray, Hazel Brawn, Roe# ******
Thompson, Silas Joh
School Reports
(Junior Room)
School No. 1, Campbells Bay (Senior Room)
Grade IX—Ethel Maclean and Vera
Outlawed.
“How about paying me for that suit
-wlilBEe
, 1916
Wl*
Murray, Agnes Gibson, Roy Smith.
Grade V—Lola Anderson, Murphy Farrell, Willard Brown, Lurena Wilson.
Grade IV— Lome Flood and Oman I doline Morrison, equal, Asa Smith, Lila I hereby forbid any person or | lemons Young and Ira Sturgeon, equal, Hillia 1res passing or cutting anything on Lot Smith, Hilda Thompson, Silâ» five in the East Range, and north east Francis Flood, Gerald R**n half of Lota twenty-one and twenty two Wilson, Austin Harrison, in the first Range of Thome
JOHN BROWNLEE,
Executor of the K*tate
naton
NOTICE
met i,
W. W. CORY. C. M.G.,
Deputy of the Minister ofthe Interior.
B -l neuthoriaml publication o this advertisement will not be paid for.
Has she lost hlmT “I don t k
Average attendance 18.
Minerva D. Haye», Teacher
E. J. HEBERT
Average attendance—90.
Lizzie A. Stephen», Teacher
¦¦¦¦	Rome people
onf^V. <*,. | ^lh,Dk ,be b“ T
let Aset, Deni
PN6
MRS. El NAN
###PAGE###6###
il!


ST LAWRENCE
The Vicar’s Nephew ;
s

or The Orphan's Vindication
Best
I
For all
Holiday Dainties
K

ii
“Perfect
Seal"
i
» i
Three
Pounds

X
( HAIM K R \ II.—(Cont’d).	lires are cowards; he remembered
“Raymond, my lad, M Iraki's mo- 1 va(**ng that somewhere. lie was not thvr tolls mo you have undertaken to ‘rave enough to drown himself, or to I look after him and keep him out	of	|lun awa>'•	80 ho must submit, as
28	mischief," said Dr. Cross. “1 told her	awards always have to do. Ho must
kS	I was sure the little chap couldn’t	he	g0 l)a<’k	Porthoarrick, and see the
%	in hotter hands. You’ve done him	a	woodshed,	ami his uncle's face, and
H lot of good already ; I've just been sHii reuse which they had gone y talking about it with the monitors.	her.
I 1 You're a good fellow, if you .could con-1	. , l.v. Raymond, what's the matter
S 1 trol your temper. By the way, if you , w , you, boy ?
8	should happen to have any little dif-	',m'N Put. out hoth hands in the
M	ferences with	the others, nobody will	direction 0< the voice
; mind your settling them with your	'f0* ^hk."
)	fists in the	old-fashioned manner	, • (°!‘s *0(i,*x "im l»y the arm.	^
3	provided you	don't go too far; but	‘ ( 0,1?e 1 ndoors, ’ he said; "you'd bet-	Meps to call Helen, ns his own	at-
j you’d better not threaten your school-	'hiwn. ’	tempts at consolation had no effect.
)	fellows with	iron weights another	, e <b>imitory was quiet and airy.	The glass door leading into the	sit-
j	time; it isn't	an Knglish way of go-	‘ ‘ , • down on his bed, and the	ting-room was open, and as he came
! ing to work."	; head-master brought him a glass of up to it he saw Helen and
I I # "Very well, sir,” said Jack, submis- watei sively.
^pWARDSBU
because it is all pure cane sugar and yields the greatest s ^ amount of sweetening j.
(<rl the original Kcbnrry	Atltir
¦calrd package* and bag*
Quart

of
N


lîSillS

Jar.
Syrup.

St

r

Lawrence “Diamond Icing Sugar helps the taste and nporar a rice oj the Cade,
WW


ifFORHfl*6
\E
m
sus
I
I

I
Si. Uwrcoic Seger RiIImHm, liaiUg. Nailrfil
r
I
m
The Canai-aSta

JOFFRE'S DAY
In 3
pound Glass Jars

How Great French General Spend* the Twenty-four Hours.
The pride and panoply of war have gone. A visit to General J offre, except for one or two orderlies at the ________ says a	the
Before returning to Purls Conrad (,on Times, is just an ordinary visit Hr. Cross stood looking down at put They through a minute examina- , an ordinary hotel.
* ion, testing his ear in various ways. Fere Joffre received me at the op-
—„	~  ........«........ . been On the last afternoon <»f his visit, pointed hour in a tiny room with n
Presently he pulled his hand roughly joeiing rather lonely, perhaps, as you when they were all sitting on the gar-. long, narrow table covered with away.	U1,ln 1 !>?cn a\vaX from home before? den lawn, he called the child's atten- white felt ton	,nnm

Your grocer has “Crown Brand” Syrup in these new glass jars—or will get it for you. And be sure and save these jars for preserving.
"Crown Brand" is also sold in 2,5,10 and 20 pound tins.
_ Conrad in
the room, talking earnestly togetht
____l;vt m*' look at your tongue. No, in their native language, lie could
In the corridor a little hand stole - ,aî,‘s 11,1 righlî and you're not fever- not understand the words they said, into his. "Jack,” Theo whispered,	,	.	hut drew hack instinctively,
looking up with soft eyes like his mo- 1 here s nothing the matter with the look on her face, ther's, "is anything wrong with you? nul» * ^aly a hit giddy."
You're all shaking."	..Tt, ¦W If * 'lÉË*
Jack stood still, feeling the small. him a hide while, consoling fingers curl round his * wonder whether you've
I

m
M
seeing

143

THE CANADA STARCH CO., LIMITED, MONTREAL
mMwmmmimmmmmmm
m

lm Czar, who has placed himself ^ ^e Gen. Alexivff, Russia's new hard face, surly and defiant. But "You’ll be all right next term," every bird has got something to teach Past six o'clock every morning, and at at tin head of his army, at one time st,on£ man and the ( zar s right hand late into the night, when masters and s'u<* *,r- ( ross. "Perhaps you feel ra- you. The best teacher I ever had was S(*ven o'clock he has a conference with served as a private, submitting him- m:m* Varentzoff-Daschkoff, made his boys were asleep, he lay and brooded thpr a 8tranfer here still, but you’ll my pet sky-lark."	the leading officials of the general
.«elf to all the rigor of military life, sputation hi the Russo-Turkish wav silently, hopelessly, for hours.	i S°l!f,\/rvt usp<! to ‘V,	, ,	"Why, Conrad," said Helen; "you staff. At this conference all the re
saluting his officers and carrying the of 1878.	*	*	*	,	*	. I ^ Oh. yes. he said; «I shall get use,! didn't keep a sky-lark in a cage, port, and dispatches of the night
coite.spon.lem.	Wide Ranee of	Whirh Th»v strong and sturdy, that even if he had	No, you’d better lie still for a bit, the court-yard with a broken wing, and cutlets, after which, at twelve
On the regimental roll he was in-	l<angt 01 AttmlU8 " h,ch lhe> fallen bodily ill he would have shown ani! g0 0 aleeP-	and they let me keep it in my cell. It «‘lock, there is another conference,
scribed as “Private Nicholas Roman-	* an Perform.	it less than most boys. But he was ,	* uor a«ut behind him at last, got nearly tame by the time the wing At one o’clock the general goes out
mm msammm
vicevoyship of the Cau- durtaking their work at home. The head-master begun to" get anxious and hx-id crescents on the brown skin. , he was cutting his name, after the ° p“nvtuaUy the Keneri11 K0Pa casus rs taken over by the Grand Duke wide range of activities in which this took him to a doctor, who looked at	~	manner of hoys, on the trunk of the to Thv rcst of the day he stays
a ic no las. ^ 1 he Count has been Vice- substantial service can be performed him in n keen, puzzled way, and pre- |	tHAl 1ER Mil.	laburnum tree. He left it half cut m ais room poring over the maps,
oy ot the Caucasus for eighteen i, carefully considered. In the course ' Sîntly askvt!: “Nave .vou been upset “Raymond!" cried Theo, bursting ?n<i swung himself off the bench in his He stays all the time at his headquar-years. He is known to he an especial, of his theme the writer savs—“This	un:vt!)infir.* ,	....	. into (be form room. “Mother’s come!” umpy, coltish fashion.	ters, except that once a week he goes
favorite of the Kmpvror, who has re- great war has given worn lif,.	^ ' s,r’ sau* bick with his stolid Jack's head went down over the al- nJ ?!omg1 to look at the rabbits." to the front to inspect the troops or to
SsiS"*	«ssst'ps==
. j *	“ .olitzin, who had Lower down the scale she has seen Jfood. “I wonder what’s the matter "Well, you needn’t be so beastly of bearinK-	. off11 wears a pale blue tunic, of
,	P,lng,‘ (be country into skilled women driving motors in the w*tb that boy Raymond," said Dr. sulky, if you are! I only came to sav 1 suppose so," Helen answered ab- \ery amP*c proportions, no décorait. vh\ the Count rescued the Gov- London streets at a wage and allow- C ross to the mathematical master. ; that mother wants vou."	se^y'	t,ons except three gold stars on his
trom a state of terrorism, a nee far above the ordinary These “D°„yvli, thm,k he’s moPing?°	! “Oh. hang it!" said Jack, flinging Theo came running back.	Prm and on the cuffs, and the usual
brigandage—the curse of ,lvw vhmffeurs work Hi..	n xll‘ Hardly; he seems too stolid a down his hook.	. Mummy, Jacks as cross as two red trousers with the black stripe.
Il 11	s-'"-*sss:%................................................
work. Gone for ever, then, is the	the presence of his schoolfellows. He	"Jack," she said, "Theo and I want	‘TDon t tel1 tales," said Conrad.	, fCl of maklng men look
I helpless woman in a world of endless	took no interest in any of these dis-	you to spend your Easter holidays	r Helen htt<1 risen with an anxious	[8S ?l,ke* *he ^reat head of Joffre,
tractions; hut they filled up time with us in the Isle of Wight. Will face .	lho ,ro? ch»n, the kind, rather sad
and space and kept other things axvav. vou?"	"Where has he gone?" „	eyes, are quite unlike the photographs
ms s msmm
Hospital for Silk	Children. Toronto	proficient it is their intention to teach	.he n.ow envie<b now despised them;	"What do you want me for?" Jack	Sh.v went mt<) the house and up to	..fv. nman’ m lht* r,vh aCient of the
In the 4v years	of the	Hospital s	ex* the trade in our small towns and vil-	nlght, he WHS ashamed before them,	repeated doggedly. He had come a	the (,0.or of Jack’s room. There she	MiaK
istence there have been treated within lages, thus setting up a home indiw i He vyVu,(l a,t \m the edge of his bed, little nearer, looking straight into r>ausf<l. a moment, listening _
sss-jzss:. ? ssss a -	"T" v stRA&f: snift s. wassw -- sts
of :' >T.876 in and out-patients.	1 '	‘i,an> millions of pounds a their breathing. Sometimes one She came up to him, and* put her <ler his breath in a horrible, sup-
Tl.e Hospital for Sick Children gives >vur; 1 he women s Emergency Corps would turn over with a sigh, or an- hand on his shoulder. Well he was Prease<1* unchildlike way. She came a provini f-wide service, for little supply gardeners and grooms. There other would fling a bare arm out behaving like a sneaking cad of up to him and laid a hand on his patients fiom every section of On- are girls now instead of boys at the upon the coverlet ; and to the desolate course, and sailing under false col-	(To be continued.)
aru 1 • ' " sought i'.	Lest I railway bool , and soon th will onl(H|kcr the sight was a> the itab
< 1 were medical cases and 1,067 , tomer. fc-urgb al. In the orthopedic depart meut 1 of the 2.8.18 In-patients, 264
CZAR ONCE WAS A PRIVATE
are

nine
koff, whose

nn
man upon me —u Uniform
Christmas Appeal
I OR
The Hospital for Sick Children
more or
opportunity for energy and wit big com party owning motor
One vans re-
COLLEGE SI.. TORONTO
Jack
—
Why He Left It
An irishman in London was holding forth to some companions on the good points of his native country. “It is
ors; but it would save him from	------*----- I the cheapest country in the world to
Porthcarrick.	| SECRET OF BRITAIN’S MIGHT. live in,” said he. “You will buy a fine
, b» ye*, I II come fast enough," he	-- salmon for sixpence and a dozen
Helen stayed at the villaee inn till Tht‘ Spiril Which Animate, the Hri-! mackerel for twopence.” “And Pad-prospect of solitude and silence was hreaking-up day, and every time that	,ish Army and Nation.	dy, why did you leave that blessed
in be should have to go home. Some- Vicar should deem it necessary to for- m,3hing u 8CCne which, whatever be-
I’hickness to Five-elehth*	Î’T’ hv had never thought of thct, hid his accepting the invitation, and lldc ,n the future» shc will never for
______76 infantile paralysis, 8 wry !	e* ...	to explain to Dr. Cross the reason. * ^ ar*d one that deserves to be
nrckT and “1 miscellaneous.	j It may not be generally known that, ' Raymond,'' said Dr. Cross, on the But Mr. Raymond made no difficul- shrined in the pages of history as a
Oui battle is never-ending -is one	while the armor plate which protects	ast Monday of the term, ‘you re-	ties; he was thankful for anv offer	striking illustration of the spirit that
not only of our soldier men, but of	e,ffbths ol an inch. The thickest	ask your uncle if he could make it	emnly exhorting him not to abuse the	>v< n flliartered Edinburgh Castle,
i e fat her*, and mothers	still	in	this	plates are along the vessel’s	sides, convenient to have you home, and he kindness of his new friends Jack	and’ chosen with others to fill a draft
The	v	a.	l,ut the <iirevt forePart <>f the	ship is wires that he'll expect you next Sat- read it through, tossed it into the fire	for the ^ont, sent word for her to
are and vCi he enemleH Thïr il' fitted with a "ram,” and this may he urday. I m glad, for I think a scamp- and started for Southampton with come through and bid him good-bye.
Bill üüillüli USUI !!¦
cots of this great charity.	80 much matchwood by it.	must decide now what he would do. days he wearied the household with ^ of «undred men or so, her man
Will the people at large, as of old.	The armor plating used for the hull	He might runaway. But there was	his riotous spirits; then, returning	amcng them, was drawn up, the only
respond to our call? Will they remem-	is made in pieces weighing from	! lv V1 l^mg caught and taken	from the shore one afternoon and en-	spectators a few women folk, like
mmEm sbsh* mmm mm&i
drew a sake1	varying in length according to the and he was too tired. There was a way knee. She had one arm round the	officer and told that in an hour or
The Hospital lias	waged	Its war	for	thickness of the metal, have	to he of escape that was quite safe and child’s neck, and her other hand play-	*° they would l>e on the #00
tv \»ars The people of Toronto pressed into service.	simple, and one could take it without ed with his hair as she listened *,’rancp and the firing line; hut, he
SrESH" '	—'—	r; -, &/¦**F^-'F - ¦* r z razzrg1
h k Lif overhanging tree trunk, and looked Helen’s family, and a former fellow- echoes of the parade ground and clove p ne nits down into the water. Yes, it would be prisoner of her husband. After spend- the still air like a volley. That is the rommy quite easy.	! ing several years in a Russian fort- *wret of Britain's might, and pf the
and Then in one instant the fear of rets on a general charge of seditious invincibility of her serried hosts, death took hold upon him. He shut opinions, he had settled in Paris,	I
Tommy Horton j hu eyes, that he might not see the wa- where he was now a well-known and
ter, and clung with both hands to the successful musical critic	I
?
vn e
treated for deformities. 21 Pott's dis eaae of the spin*. 10 lateral curvature
of the spine, 10 bow-legs. 57 club-feet, *	.	.
17 dislocations of hip. 42 tubercular 'an*** f rom Eighteen Inches disease of knee, hip, ankle, wrist and I
elbow
metal of ocean fighters
en-
MOTHER

SEIGELS
SYRUP
The proof of Mother Seigel’s Syrup is in the taking. That is why former sufferers, whose vitality was being sapped by Indigestion, say it is jml excellent for stomach, fiver and bowel troubles
Thanks to Mother Seigel’s Syrup, they arc now strong and well.
IS EXCELLENT FOR
C

if you are afflicted by Indigestion or othcrdtsordcrsof the stomach, liver and bowels take Mother Seigcl’s Syrup regularly for a fexv days; long enough to give it a fair chance to make its beneficial influence felt. Then note the improvement in your appetite, your strength, your general condition
way to
for
> 11 re I
• r

301S
of son*#* child’s Ilf
Hf’mniib#r that Christmas calls you
the purse of your kindness to . 4	. .	,
the Hospital that the Hospital mar "bat would you do open the heart of Its help to the "Why, I’d whip him
<i- disgust) What
some mother's your hitting him again
you, you come and tell me." Horton (sneeringly) — “Yea; HBHBBMrs. Mo?
HEADACHES, BILIOUSNESS CONSTIPATION


+
An Unfortunate.
"Did you count your change before
INDIGESTION.
child
He hit* me
kou seed a dollar or more If I with a brick, and you have the fun of iree trun> ' cmnV- °h* 1 can't? ined Theo severely in harn^ny,*I%d ,	. L	ew
IO nou.l.» D.VWMU	iIic;;njr him for it? much!" 1 t!	.	found «, m.nv fault, in hi, violin le‘vJ,n*the wmdowT
a surer, or	,	He reachml solid ground again, playing that the child, when finally No.
J. ROSS ROBERTSON.	-------»-------- and opened his eyes. If he had only released, dashed into the garden, "Then we can't rectify mistakes.”
i.n of the Boa re of Trustées, Sympathy is what everybody thinks 1,een brave for one minute, it would whore Jack found him in tours. | "I’m glad of that. 1 found after I
Teree,e	i th“ ,r f-',OW °eeht to hlve- | WM .^oV.rt°V"	, M'tiTr-TV	îucV‘h"
Wil

V
The/ nobotite of Syrup contains three times as muck ms
Ch*
i
I
###PAGE###7###
LOOKING OLD TOO SOON
According to Order*
A Bereaved Mother
:~V

The following unusual interpretation of a common command appears in London Tit-Bits. The mistress came downstairs and tried the door of the sitting room, only to find it locked against her, while the key, which was usually in the lock, was missing.
“Bridget, I can't get into the sitting room!” she cried.
“.Sure, it's meself knows that; and : ye won’t, fur I hev the kay in me | pocket”
“Open the door immediately
“Will yez go in if ! do?”
“Certainly I will.”
“Then yez won’t get the kay.” the door, I
you mean
“Sure, it’s by your own orders. Just yesterday ye said, ‘Don't let me come downstairs in the morning and see any dust on the sitting

MADE IN CANADA
III] I] I
r MAGIC
AKÏNG POWDER
2
The Condition of Too Many Women and Too Many (lirls.
Too many women and too many girls look old long before they should. Their faces become pale and drawn; wrinkles appear and their eyes lack brightness, (’an this be wondered at when they so frequently have heartaches, backaches and u general feeling of wretchedness and weakness? In most eases it is the blood that is to blame. From one cause or another the blood has become thin and watery, and it is a fact that anaemia (blood-lessncss) more than any other cause, gives women this prematurely aged appearance. It is important that the blood supply of girls and women be regularly replenished—important not only on the score of looks, hut to restore robust health, which is of greater value. Dr. Williams' Pink Pills actually make new blood and restore the system shattered by overwork or worry. These pills give a glow of health to pale faces and make tired, weary women and girls feel bright ( and h.’t/iy. With Dr. Williams’ Pink Pills at hand there is no need for any woman or any girl to look ill or feel j ill. Mrs. J. McDonald, jr., Hay, Ont., .says: “I honestly believe Dr. Williams* Pink Pills saved my life. Some years ago 1 had anaemia, and as I did not realize the seriousness of the trouble 1 soon became a complete wreck. 1 got so weak I could hardly walk. 1 neither ate nor slept well, and could not go upstairs without stopping to rest. At times I had an almost unbearable pain in my back, and would have to remain in bed. I suffered almost constantly from a dull headache, and when sweeping if 1 would stoop to pick tip anything 1 would get so dizzy that I would have to catch hold of something to keep from falling. At times my heart would heat so fast that I would have a ! mothering sensation. My eyes were sunken and my hands and limbs would he swollen in the mornings. 1 tried several kinds of medicines without benefit, and my friends thought I would not recover. Then I began taking Dr. Williams’ Pink Pills, and before long could see and feel that they were helping me. I gladly continued the use of the pills until I was completely cured, and I cannot say enough in their praise, and I strongly recommend them to all run-down girls and women.”
You can get Dr. Williams’ Pink Pills from any dealer in medicines or by mail at 50 cents a box or six boxes for $2.50 from The Dr. Williams’ Medicine Co., Brockville, Ont.


^x
I
* l
I
I


\ !

I
!B
»
i
CONTAI MS NO ALUM
Makes pure, delicious, healthful biscuits, cakes and pastry. It is the only well-known strictly high class baking powder made in Canada, selling at a medium price.
Read the label
I
¦
®Ta
I
=


6
mi

m
»
A
23 THE ?
1


E.W.GILLETT COMPANY LIMITED
What do

I
?»*
A PEDAL TIC
y

TORONTO, ONT
MONTREAL
WINNIPEG
ê
How Twitching of the Foot Unbalances the Mind.
*
room
When a foot twitches without ap- furniture/ So I just puts the kay in parent cause, automatically as it were, me pocket, and says I, the doctors call it a pedal tic. Such a - ha n't !'	^
condition is not serious, hut it is annoying, and soon gets on the nerves of the sufferer
Boehme of England reports a case of more than the usual interest, and its cure By psyehanalysis.
A certain J. S., 29 years old, a clerk, had suffered for four years from a twitching of the right foot You Can Have Filled and Use at Home , Mlnaid'a Liniment Cures Diphtheria, when at rest. Sometimes his left foot
f
y *
*
Shaping the Tree.
The tendency of trees is to grow from the uppermost buds, so if it is enced.” desirable to keep the tree low, the new growth should he headed back each yeai
variety has a characteristic growth; the style of pruning, therefore, must conform to the habit of the tree.
Silenced
Then she
rl’r'h

;
Their batteries have been eil
4 A .

rv> ‘
#

Whose?”
Throw Away Your Eye-Glasses I
— a* A
Tm mattur ~fi M<gi. ti wh ,
Every kind and every the war wouldn’t laut a year.”
I)r. Gustav F

c
*
] it DIN F » Murine is pre-
Pa"d by our h.y.
A Free Prescription
MHS. C AVFIJj
Mother of Nurse Edith Cavoll, who »«» murdered by the Ciernuins lu Belgium.

•wans, as us* d tor many years in their practice, now dedirat-
H 1 M	^MflRUqsd t» the Public and
Nearly nil the locomotives in Asia- ing in his family history that shed could not ace to read at all. Notv 1 « un 0l*l^e tt ei .	there ie no Preempt ion fee in Murine, j.mhnnd
"“~"-**’**~	......... stëiStiSa&ZHS «¦—sjssœase
was nothing organically wrong with	wh“ u7od "u A^T' -Th:	tW	t0 <l° “•’*	&Î5^^StiîfSrSTrfL”
him, SO he began studying his “sub- atmosphere accrued hazy with or without «,,wew,,e T _?	__ . ,	_ Murine Eye Remedy Company. Chlcage
conscious reflexes”	glmrnaes. but after lining this prescription Mlnaid a Liniment Cure, Garget In Cow.
n o /	% •	,	u- for hfteen days everything wcema char. 1
Dr. Boehme explained the twitching evcu read flue print win,out gl«»aes.”
to J. S., saying that most men when It la believed that thousands who wear
The earliest designs used for china ! seated cross one leg over the other llu,c" an* miiiutnUca "wore" win he at Worcester are believed to have : an<* tend to swing the suspended foot, «bio to strengthen their eye* ho us to be
been copied from the Chinese.	I This is generally the right foot. When	B%"lroub£!rS“ma£/u!?
Swedish school children, under the mentally perturbed the swinging he- t riplions may be wonderfully bcn« titled
guidance of their teachers, annually j cotnes more pronounced When J. S.	drug
plant about 600,000 trees.	returned to the unsatisfactory envi- „nd got « bottle of Bon-Opio. Fill a two
All who are decorated with the Hus- ronment of his home and sat down to	7nbïtt7n7tl7ow<7i dfZive
Cross of St. Andrew have the re*^« “hi* thoughts would wander, his with this fquld, bathe the eyes two to four right once to demand a pardon for a worries would crowd into his con- times dally. You should notice your eyes
Russian subject condemned to death, sciousness, and the foot-twitching, at «0^1%,^%^^ wlH^uhTly" db,ap% !
Some of the huge crabs found on ' first voluntarily, would begin. Gra- if your eyes nro bothering you, even u
Ascension Island are each a foot in	subconsciously, the tic gained |{"'£	/ft*»	'bund
length. Thev have been known t.o t no ascendancy.	might hare been waved If they lm<l eu red
steal rabbits from their holes and de- Dr. Boehme described this condition	rT7"nto" %
vour them.	*° . s puticnt, improved his general .« riptlon by moil. If your druggist cannot
Macedonia grows the richest opium hygiene, and made him take long of all countries. The product is used evening walks with cheerful friends.
st£gnd “ n0t tHe qUeHty USCd f°r 1 after’ thnrdceaweetkttVhjnsS deirThe of	Zd
1,200 years of cultivation.	symptoms.	_	.smite, but when he picked himself up =
lie turned on Malone.	S
For
THE FIELD OF SCIENCE
Icebergs sometimes last as long as 200 years before they melt entirely away.
The reindeer has been known to pull 200 pounds at ten miles an hour for twelve hours.
Actions usually speak louder *han .¦ words. The wasp can’t talk but he nrv\ servant ting ha# a forciblo way of expressing
self that renders words superfluou
X Fast Goer
“How’s the along?”
“Rapidly. Next Tuesday she'll have been gone a week.”
nir
Mlnard's Liniment Cures Distemper
A
FREE TO HOUSEWIVES
'
I
sian
A big 6* page Household Account Hook combined. Flat f*x 1 recipe*.
«leiidar and Recipe f the best and
I riche*
mining hundred*
HOW TO GET YOL K COPY
Melon are the names arid addresses of fwelte firm# Select xour best ii lend#8 and either have them write, or write a postcard to eac h of these Arms asking them to send Shepard s I'erfeet Account Hook to the address supplied.
F9or Instance, supply your Dame and address to the first firm un ' 1 list, a friend's name and address to the second firm on the liât and »o or Next week s Issue of this paper will show another list uf firms whom you can send a further list of names and addresses V rite your postcards to-day before you forget.
urse loueekeeper

A Soft Answer
Canadian Shredded Wheel < Chrl*lle Hrown & Co.. Toronto f’owan ('o Liu Toronto Maple Leaf .Milling (
K W. tjfUett Co . T
i o.. Niagara l'alla « »nt Turnbull <’o. Ltd. Galt. >nt. «’lar»* Bru*. & Co., Preston. 1 >nt.
I>omlnton «"annerm. Co.. Hamtltoi Win. «'lark C*o Ltd . M mireal


Toront
oronto
I air w cat liera Limit* <1. Yong* Street. Toronto Standard Tube » Fen-.e t'o Atlantic Sugar P.eflnerles Limited
Woodstock, tint Montreal
*
A WELL OF TITLES
-- The women of Mexico use fireflies
Many Novelists Draw titles for Their	aR jewels. They tie them in little
Books From the Bible.	gauze bags and put them in their hair	- I	looking	like	a	jackass	for?	Do you
The Bible has been called a well of	or their clothin^ Then, until they	For years	he	taught	food chemistry,1 sec	anything	funny?" he	bawled.
üim ÜSSiS
Prodigal Son,” and “The Scapegoat”;	a native of tropical Asia, and wh0le wheat and rye, with deodorized “
Marie Corelli culls “Wormwood” and	cerlamly tvv’° f the most ^portant	flaxseed and	bran.	It	nourishes ' __
“Barabbas”; Miss Braddon “One	™ttonA	take	na"J^	letter than	meat prevents	indiges- ‘ L
Thimr	und «-TKoi. tu.. from Asiatic towns—muslin from Mo- tion and positively relieves constipa-1 A
Man ”	rt tht sul and calico from Calicut. It re- tion or “money back.” Ask your
quires plenty of moisture and salt. doctor. At all grocers, 10 and 25 A peculiarity of deaf cats is that rents. Roman meal is made by Ito-
they seem to have a great sense of man ^Ioal ( 0,1 Toronto-feeling in their feet pads. It is almost an impossibility for a heavy animal to approach a deaf cat from behind without giving it warning, and this may be attributed to the extreme sensitiveness of the cat’s feet recording the slightest tremor of the ground.	<
r’>
WHO IS DR. JACKSON ?
“Well, what are you standing there
RACCOON
Rev il Ion I Veres
134 MctiILL STREET,
are manufacturers and can pay you best prices for furs of all kinds. Send for our price list.
MONTREAL
FA1M8 FOB SALE
ft ARMS
A LI
SIZLs
ruin. Pairs- or Fruit want to buy. write If Brampton. Ont.
- STOCK. When you W. Uawson,
SKUNK
The late Walter Bcsant gets “Children of Gibeon” from the same inexhaustible supply, as well as “The Fourth Generation.” The author of “John Halifax, Gentleman” has a novel entitled “A Life for a Life”; Joseph Hocking has one “All Men are Liars”; Seton Merriman, “The Tents of Kedar”; David Lyall, “The Corner Stone”; E. M. Jameson, “A House Divided”; and “Rita,” “A Woman of Samaria.”
“Joseph’s Coat ’ is a memorable novel, and so Is Marion Crawford’s “Whosoever Shall Offend.” William Le Queux has a novel called “As We
NEWSPAPERS FOB SALE
|>K01TT-MAKIN0 NEWS AND JOB Offices for sale In good Ontario towns. The most useful and Interesting of all businesses. Full Information on application to Wilson Publishing Com* Concussion Bursts the Blood Vessels ',anv 73 West Adelaide 8t. Toronto
HOW EXPLOSIONS KILL
and Arteries
FOB SALE
It will he recalled that on the mur- IVeKXVFor XDLAN1 > puppies fob row of the battle of the Marne return '
combatants related strange stories of pets. Sure to attract attention, the aspect of certain German un-	Que
wounded corpses. Death had been so instantaneous that the bodies remain ed m a life-like posture, some shoul
part of the time down in bed.	serts that the phenomena were due to
“Sometimes I would get numb, and the efficacy of the French explosives, it would be almost impossible for me Within a fifteen yards’ radius of the to speak. At other times 1 would point where the shell explodes the dishave severe bilious	attacks, and my	placement of the air is so intense as	f'%k/"w"
heart would flutter	painfully when I	j to destroy the equilibrium of pressure	h*ve best market* n A m2îî<a fur\'Vre.rHMeZ*et<?
the interior and exterior of the N°
“I have taken enough medicine to human body. The gas contained in woatM	cqwÆahv. p—t.»	#
start a small drug store, but without the blood is thus liberated, causes a permanent benefit. One evening our distension of the blood vessels and fjfll Q grocer was asking my husband how I ' arteries, and, ultimately bursting
was, and urged that	I quit coffee and	these organs, induces sudden death.	M	nnMtllBBÆa
use Postum. so he	brought home a	This argument is confirmed by the	mOH KUL	CONSOLl DATED
state of the bodies, which often show cd the heart and liver greatly distend ed and numerous internal hvmorr
Al*
Bountiful R. A.
Christmas music— and entertainment during long winter months.
MISCELLANEOUS
A FRIENDLY GROCER
C
1 ANGER. TUMORS. LUMPS. ETC Internal and external, cured with
Dropped a Valuable Hint
nam?#
Older readers recall Whyte Melville’s Black, but Comely”; and William Black’s “Daughter of Heth” is a minor classic.
TRAPPERS

Victrola IV
You can have both if you own a Victrola.
Music appropriate for the day, music that you can listen to throughout the year —the one great element necessary to social happiness, that will overcome the drab moments of long winter hours, and kindle afresh the family spirit with the delight and entertainment it provides.
$21
Andrew Balfour has written “Vengeance is Mine” and Blundelle-Bur-ton “The House of Bondage” and “The Sword of Gideon,” two fine titles. L. G. Moberley has “In the Balances,”
House on the Sand,” and Mrs. Coulson j Kernahan “An Unwise Virgin” and
The Graven Image.”	,	I I	. .	.	..
Harold Begbie is fond of Biblical	Package, and I made it according to
titles. Among others are “Tables of	directions, and we were both delighted
Stone” and “In the Hands of the Pot-	with it. We quit coffee altogether and
ter.” Richard Bagot uses “The Just	used only Post urn. (Tea produces
and the Unjust,” and one of the most	about the same effects as coffee, be-
popular novels of the day is “The	cause they both contain the drugs
Way of an Eagle.”	, caffeine and tannin.)
* In fact, this page might be filled “I began to get better, and in a
with ease with Biblical titles of popu- month’s time looked like another per
lar novels, and it would be a good	son. The color came back to my	Chatham,	Ont.
exercise for a winter evening, not	checks. I began to sleep well, my ap-	j	waH	cu'red	of Inflammation by
only to spot the Bible titles in a petite was good, and I commenced to MINARD’S LINIMENT, library catalogue, but also to see how take on flesh and become interested	MRS. W. A. JOHNSON
many can be actually placed. Where, in everything about the house, for instance, does “The Way of an “Finally, I was able to do all my Eagle” come? One might do worse own work without the least sign of than search Proverbs, a perfect store- my old trouble.” Name given by house of splendid titles, to go no fur-1 Canadian Postum Co., Windsor, Ont.
Postum comes in two forms:
Postum Cereal — the original form — must be well boiled. 16c and 26c packages.
Inetsnt Postum a soluble powder —dissolves quickly in a cup of hot water and, with cream and sugar, makes a delicious beverage iaetantly.
30c and 50c tins.
Both kinds are equally delicious and cost about the same per cup.
“There’s a Reason” for Postum.
would walk fast or sweep
on
With 15 ten-inch, double-sided Victor Records (30 selections, your choice) $34.60.
Easy payments, if desired.
Other Victrola#, $33.50 to $400
GOLD
Charles Marriott “The
Write me for Special Information on
GOLD MINE, Limited
P. 8. HAIRSTON,
TOBOWTO
hages
BOOK ON
DOG DISEASES
And How to Feed
MsHed free to any address by the Author
H. CUT GLOVER, V. S.
118 West 31st Street, New Yerk
m
The Victrola will play all your favorite songs and instrumental music. They are to be found in the list of over 6,000 Victor Records, including standard and popular music on ten-inch, doublesided records at 90 cents for two selections.
T was cured of painful goitre by
MINARD’S LINIMENT.
BAYARD McMULIN
America'*
Penser
Deg Remedies
i
Walsh, Ont.
I was cured of Facial Neuralgia by MINARD’S LINIMENT Parkdale, Ont. J. H. BAILEY.
Any of “His Master s Voice” dealer# will let you hear them. If there Is not oue In your vicinity notify oe and we mill see that you are not disappointed on Christman morning.
r

f
• •
i
HOTEL
r*
ther. -London Answers
M


BERLINER ÜRAM-U-PHONE CO
601 Lenoir Street, Montreal
Limited
• t
Hi* Presence Was Requested.
Hobson (at club reception)—Say, who la that man over there ? He's been standing around with his hands in his pockets all evening, and not a soul has noticed him.
Dobson—! guess he must be a guest of the Hub.
It is sixty years since British troops landed on the Continent
“Father,” said the minister's son. “my teacher says that 'collect' and ‘congregate' mean the same thing. Do they
“Perhaps they do, my eon, the venerable clergyman; “but you may tell your teacher that there is a

•ftes at 1-lay*
The Spirit of
eut) OITY

mm
" - * r Ü-
looi ro*
j w
vast difference between a congrega
New Agencies Considered Where We Are Net Propi rl> Represented
tion and a collection.”

MS

ED. 7
t
###PAGE###8###
île SWlle Bon ni Slot Store
SHAWYILLE MARBLE AND GRANITE WORKS
T. SHORE
PROPRIETOR.
What shall I g-ive Him or Her
for Christmas ?
Is always a perplexing* question.
Lot us suggest
A nice Pair of Slippers, a Pair of Cloves, or
a Club Bag.

&
I have on hand the finest
stock of Marble and Granite Monuments ever placed before the public )f this district, Prices are such that it will be to intending purchasers’ interest to consult me before placing their order elsewhere. Nothing too large—nothing too small.
mi
4# ¦ P
I
II
r

t
? a
s
<

Y/*.

3

FENCING AND CEMETERY WORK A SPECIALITY

U
All Work Guaranteed Satisfactory.

l'he
$
We have the best
Tommy Needs the Smokes^
J
ranges of
Q
}
ideal
Slippers for Men, Women
and Children
I

25 Cents
HI

f
v \ Christmas
'J
&
^âve ever shown.
We would advise you td .‘j'mo early as you will have n
1 letter choice.
contributed to
\
I
gift
(Canada’s
Tobacco
Fund
p
) ELI
We will be unable to replace stock at present pi ices
Hosiery a Specialty.
organized by the
OVER-SEAS CLUB
will send
50 Canadian manufactured
Cigarettes
i l lb. Canadian manufactured
Tobacco
/
No other gift can bring so much pleasure to even-member of the family.
And there is a style suited to every home—$21
$:$3 50, $53, #6(1.50, #102, $137, $205, #255, $330, $400.
Come in and see and hear the different styles, ami find out about our easy terms.
I
t
P. E. SMILEY.
Three Hungarian-tickets for ‘passage
LOCAL NEWS.
who had on Henry
A Box of Matches
A Post Card addressed to the giver, so that the
Soldier who receives your gift may ex pi
RALLY E. HORNER

John Redmond, the great Irish 1 quick transition n *1 v heels l<wdet\ i* convinced the war will
to end in mil sooner than
THE NEW MUSIC STORE
Shawville
hi- thank-’
e--
m
Give 25 Cents Today !
rutin
to runners had to be made last «	,	,	.	,
Wednesday to meet the conditions !n.u't people think. It l** hoped :
which a heavy snow storm brought V" l)r,M'iction* will Vie verified al-
abunt in the course of a few hours.	tJR‘ -ltuntion at present
Hr tore people fully realized it they!	1,11,0 to suggest that they
fourni themselves plodding thru 'Wl 1 i foot of snow, a ut most of the evident*
Canadian winter.
Christ mas Pi
tori A nice Brownie Camera Kodak, prices ranging from *) l’
The Autographic Kodak on the market. The latest N "g Blow nie Autograph!
K’w snaps of your friends tucked m a neat Album will \ye treasure years t Ktudio.
H
Que.

It will -end as much tobacco to the front a- you can buy you i-elf
and send for a Dollar !
Every Cent is Spent on Tobacco.
1 he Over-Sees Club pays au. the organization expenses. To provide the Canadian Army at the front with tobacco requires 70,000 pkgs. weekly. Will you give 25c a week i
!
experiencing es of genuine
Uhreturn* Ph
ining on Christina* day, they will lie glad to have your picture, and you, !- tor the l!oy **r theirs ; and if, perchance, you can’t go
r a home this year, how pidurns will help, up.1 liaison «»îft ' - two extra Photos .\ itli
Arrange your sitting toll. Irni*on’s
\t the Inane- !
SHAWVILLE SASH AND DOOR FACTORY.
R. G. HODGINS, Prop.
Send your contribution to The Equity, the nearest Post Oftic or yom Hanker. If you send to the Kditor of Tub Equity, will acknowledge your gift, and pay it into the Hank for

newest tvery dozen
it Fold
i
we
il
'
King St
i
it $«
you
•' i *
f
wav


H.
UK
Canada'9 Tobaçço Fund, Organized by the Over-Seas Club
Hopeless Case.
•'Pessimistic. I* he?'
“To the ultimate limit, fie couldn't even hnngine n ensile In the ulr w.uk.-out a mortgage on It.”—Judio.
Worked the Wrong Way.
“IIow did the accident happenT “He got run over when he stopped K read a Safety First* sign Post. „
Manufacturer of and Dealer in
The toll*•wing i- a li-d of the amount-remitted during the week ending Nov-viuIkt 13th. It will Iw seen that the total is 91,031.11. This provides for approximately 10,000 packages Tobacco and Cigarettes hut the manlier
MXK). and that
( 'on*
QUYON
Houstor
Doors, Sash, Dressed
Lumber, etc.

The steamer Alex Fraser, on Pembroke lake, is being eut into sections and will be brought to Quyon in January to be rebuilt. The Fraser will replace the Albert which has been towing log* on J>v-ehenes lake for over thirty yea in.
Messrs. R. and M. Do we are erecting an open air -kitting rink at rear of the Leader pru|>erty.
The Red Cross Tea VêOCtitîÿ given by the ladies of tjuyvn, was j a most gratifying -uc-ce*-. the proceeds am* unting to the substantial -uni • »f S!#i. 15.
SAVED HIMSELF, UNAWARE. |
Cilice Lead in Crime
I
f
The four cities of Montreal, Toronto, Winnipeg, and Vancouver contribute one-third of the entire penitentiary population of Canada, according to the annual report on such j institutions just issued. Montreal From Dr. A. II. of Pennsylvania, alone has contributed about 14 per one of our well known psvcliv login la, ! (ent., with Vancouver, Toronto, and
to see more than one consciously up- ^ population of each nationality 1.76 prebend*1;	! Canadians, 8.2 Americans, 29 Ital-
“ 'Three summers ago, when I was t Ians, ynd 24 Papes were in pcnlterf* on a visit to lur old home town, I ' tiarfei As regards religion, Luther-
.t"
the ground. 1 was going along at a , and Presbyterians in the order nam-rapid gait, with my mlud w holly oc- ed t>0 per cent, of the prison popu-cupled with matters other than my lation were over 60 years of age, and path, when suddenly, quite reflexly, 8 per cent, under 20. Those under 20 my left foot, instead of going down on were for the most part boys who had
i'Zt# iiLZLû'2 “ELSElSzE'Es
10.00 made the sharpest kind of an offset In
Showing How the Eye Sees More Than Or.e Thinks It Does.
of men at
number i* increasing every day tribntions will !* received at any Bank or Post Office and by a large number of new-paper* throughout the Dominion.
Communications should lx? addressed to the < frgauizingSecretary, Mr. Francis
he Vft
V iuii. Wimlsor Hotel, Montreal d'ian Bank of
Writing uu psychological subjects 1; the Ladies* llume Journal, II. Adding ton Bruce says:
Custom Sawing1.
I the < )vrr-Svn^
e*
Is this going to be
1 'or
Toronto..................
Bank of Montreal...........
I'nion Ilk. of Can., Montreal. Cnioti Bk. of Can, Montreal. Bank of Hamilton, Toronto.. Vnion Ilk. or Can., Montreal.
Bank of Montreal...........
Bank of Ottawa.............
Bank of Montreal
Dominion Bank. Toronto ... Northern Cm. Bk., Toronto..
Bank of Ottawa.............
Royal Bank. Ha tilt Ste. Marie Vnion Bk. of Can., Vancouver
Royal Bank, Attende........
Royal Bank, New Castle.... Royal Bank, Mnigrave.......
Royal Bank, L«xkhart, N. S.
031.20 508.27 17!» 7 i
400.45 404.34 304,16
170.45 121.85
05.00
48.35
§
A Happy Christmas
43, Anglicans next
The Rev. Mr. Xaughton. of Lnki
appointed . II. Thoma
field, tjue., has been succeed the Rev. J (now Chaplain • >i thi 77th in tin* rectorship of the Pnri.-h of Onflow.
to
for your Friends and Relatives ?
Wm Hamilton of Beech f»ro\ has i - eived • cable from
his daughter. Miss Mabel (who -ailed on the Acpiitina on Nov. 10, from Southampton, England, nurse) of her safe arrival at L ino*, near the Dardanelles.
Mi
If not then you can help make it so by buying them a a useful Christmas Gift, and by buying it at Dover’s.
Our line is complete, with everything for everyone in the family. We have clothing to no end and a beautiful line of Shirts, Sweaters, Gloves, Mitts, Hosiery, Mufflers, Ties, etc., etc., at prices that will make you feel like buying:
Remember Dear Reader
We are still after your trade. Have you yet retqxmded to our call ? If not yon are missing lots of good values and losing money. Daily we see new faces in our store seeking proof of our statements that we can save you money, and were you to see them coming out of our store with their purchases under their arms, their faces aglow with pleasure, their hearts rejoicing with the fact that they have secured full value for every cent spent and got only highest quality goods at the lowest IKiseible price* you would also be convinced that our statement is true.
Five per cent, of the prisoners are my path. I wondered what made me j nerving life sentences, and twenty-4.60 do It. turned, retraced my steps and fire per cent, are serving the mini-
4.00 found an adder still colled and ready mum sentence of two years. The illiterate constitute twelve per cent. During the year 480 prisoners were paroled and five pardoned from the penitentiaries, and 568 from the prisons, jails, and reformatories of the Dominion. Fifty-seven paroles were re-During my boyhood sommera 1 voked for non-compliance with their need to go barefooted much of the conditions, and the number of for-time. Through Md experience, with tenure, for subwquent conviction,
stubble fields, brier patches and stony paths I learned automatically to pick
PIchm? take notice that the Municipal my way without giving thought to the
Counc il of Thorne will allow a rebate ofl
ns
h.;fO
mi
•*C50 to strike, exactly, as I judged, where 3 95 my foot would have gone/
------ “Dr. A. H., recognizing the correct
#4.031.11 explanation of his fortunate misstep, —— add
Ottawa Winter Fair
The price li*t of the Ottawa Winter Fair which has just been received from the press shows a decided increase over previous years in amount of prize money offered, and also in classification. The classification for all classes of live stock and fxmltry has been increased. The Eastern Ontario Seed Fair has also been combined with the Winter Fair, and embraces a complete classification foi all kinds of grain, gras*, clover
* d and p* *
The clashes for grades in connection with the various kind* of live stock has ljcen considerably increased. The grade animal i* undoubtedly the tx»*fc_ suited for the average farmer, and a very high percentage of our meat and dairy pr duc t supply i- produced by grade animal*. The grade cfaMM have, therefore, been given more recognition than in the Ottawa Winter li*t. The pure bred elaseea have not l>een lost *ight of in this recognition of the grade-, as the pure bied Is essential in the im-•riit oi the other.
TLv becretarr, Vfl i>. d ie ('erp, Ont., vill fui ni*li prize
«	iisit U
Il I
TAX NOTICE
Ratepayer* or the Town i
was 47
T I , Hi
ship or Thorne
An Autocratic Dean.
The Very Rev. Edward C larence P	matter. As o result. I find myself pagetf Dean of Calgary, who was con-
|sr cent to all parties who jmy then frequently In my walks avoiding ob- epicuou* In Toronto during the An f,r Wore January 1st, 1916. „tacles which nt the moment 1 do not glican Synod, Is a acton of a very
.¦OH-.j.jIsss**,vg&ssffm.
Paget. O.C.B. who waa the fifth eon Ten War, In E,gM..n VMn	the ninth Baron P»«et,.ndhro-
S"?i£%%Er:rHx
thunder of 8outb African battlefields, vm and Was appointed the execd-wlll have to record eight ware lu ibe tor 0f hie will by that monarch, i'r*t fifteen years of 1ta span. These whose friendship be enjoyed in eape-« tgbt are the following:	dal degree. The third baron waa at
Beer war. Russo Japan esc war. telned by Parliament, on suspicion of Franco-Moroccan war. Italian Turkish favoring the Queen of Scots, and his
grenieet of all lime.	ie ag 0|d bachelor, who la said to run
If we odd the two wars with which hle own house for himself. He la of the nineteenth century closed -the large private
«ireco-Turklah war of 1807 and the kindly and hospitable host to num-..	_	. Hpunisb American war of 18W~we here of young men from the Old
Herbert Strutt. I'»?* * of ,,nwar*,o el«bie«» 2%%%

a
Ladysmith, Dec. 10, 1916
Custom Sawing.
Having made arrangement* with H T. Argue, I wish the
people of this district to know I w 111 have charge of hi* sawmill for the winter month-, and a n in .i ;»o-itiou to d«# custom -aw ig of nil kind*.
We claim we can save you money. We
want you to make us prove it.
urevioualy Fair prize
i;
Dean Pa.
ARCHIE DOVER
and la a very
pn
A *0.1,
lit*


